we	,	scb	tech	x	company	limited	,	care	about	the	privacy	of	our	customers	,	thus	,	we	provide	this	privacy	notice	to	inform	our	customers	of	our	policy	in	relation	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	of	individual	(	“	you	”	)	in	accordance	with	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	“	pdpa	”	)	,	relevant	laws	and	regulations	.
this	privacy	notice	informs	you	of	how	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	what	and	why	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	how	long	we	hold	it	,	who	we	disclose	it	to	,	your	rights	,	what	steps	we	will	take	to	make	sure	your	personal	data	stays	private	and	secure	,	and	how	you	can	contact	us	.
this	privacy	notice	applies	to	:	(	1	)	our	customers	(	2	)	non-customers	these	include	individuals	who	do	not	received	product	or	service	from	us	,	but	we	may	need	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	(	e.g	.
anyone	that	visits	our	website	or	our	applications	(	if	any	)	,	offices	;	directors	or	legal	representatives	of	a	juristic	person	that	uses	our	services	;	;	professional	advisors	,	including	our	directors	,	investors	,	shareholders	and	their	legal	representatives	,	and	anyone	involved	in	other	transactions	with	us	or	our	customers	)	.
please	note	that	some	of	the	links	on	our	platform	may	lead	to	third	party	’	s	platforms	,	and	if	you	access	these	platforms	,	your	personal	data	will	then	be	processed	under	the	third	party	’	s	policies	.
make	sure	that	you	have	read	those	privacy	notices	when	accessing	such	platforms	.
we	only	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	where	it	is	necessary	or	there	is	a	lawful	basis	for	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	it	.
this	includes	where	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	based	on	the	legitimate	grounds	of	legal	obligation	,	performance	of	contract	made	by	you	with	us	,	our	legitimate	interests	,	performance	under	your	consent	and	other	lawful	basis	.
reasons	for	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	are	provided	below	:	1.1	our	legal	obligation	we	are	regulated	by	many	laws	,	rules	,	regulations	,	and	orders	of	any	competent	governmental	,	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	,	and	to	fulfil	our	legal	and	regulatory	requirements	,	it	is	necessary	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	compliance	with	the	pdpa	and	any	amendment	thereof	;	b	)	compliance	with	laws	(	e.g	.
anti-money	laundering	laws	,	prevention	and	suppression	of	financial	support	to	terrorism	and	the	proliferation	of	weapons	of	mass	destruction	laws	,	and	other	laws	to	which	we	are	subject	both	in	thailand	and	in	other	countries	)	,	including	conducting	identity	verification	,	background	checks	and	credit	checks	,	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	process	,	customer	due	diligence	(	cdd	)	process	,	other	checks	and	screenings	(	including	screening	against	publicly	available	database	of	regulatory	authorities	and/or	official	sanctions	lists	)	,	and	ongoing	monitoring	that	may	be	required	under	any	applicable	law	;	and/or	c	)	compliance	with	regulatory	obligations	and/or	orders	of	authorized	persons	(	e.g	.
the	relevant	orders	by	any	court	of	competent	jurisdiction	or	of	governmental	,	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	or	authorized	officers	)	.
1.2.contract	made	by	you	with	us	we	will	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	the	request	and/or	agreement	made	by	you	with	us	,	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	process	your	request	prior	to	entering	into	an	agreement	,	and	provide	products	and/or	services	,	and	deliver	products	and/or	services	to	you	,	provide	advice	and	deal	with	all	matters	relating	to	products	and/or	services	,	including	any	activities	that	if	we	do	not	proceed	,	then	our	operations	or	our	services	may	be	affected	or	may	not	be	able	to	provide	you	with	fair	and	ongoing	services	;	b	)	carry	out	your	instructions	(	e.g	.
responding	to	your	enquiries	or	feedbacks	,	or	resolving	your	complaints	)	;	c	)	track	or	record	your	transactions	;	d	)	produce	reports	(	e.g	.
business	continuity	plan	)	;	e	)	notify	the	due	date	of	products	and/or	services	;	f	)	process	your	applications	or	requests	for	services	or	products	and/or	process	your	transactions	and/or	carry	out	and	organize	regarding	the	activities	and/or	seminars	;	g	)	recover	the	money	which	you	owe	(	e.g	.
when	you	have	not	paid	for	your	debt	and/or	outstanding	fees	)	;	and/or	h	)	enforce	our	legal	or	contractual	rights	.
1.3	our	legitimate	interests	we	rely	on	the	basis	of	legitimate	interests	by	considering	our	benefits	or	third	party	’	s	benefits	with	your	fundamental	rights	in	personal	data	which	we	will	collect	,	use	or	disclose	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	conduct	our	business	operation	and	the	business	operation	of	companies	in	scbxgroup	(	e.g	.
to	conduct	compliance	audit	,	to	conduct	risk	managements	,	to	conduct	finance	and	accounting	managements	,	to	conduct	financial	audits	,	to	conduct	internal	operation	management	,	to	monitor	,	prevent	,	and	investigate	fraud	,	money	laundering	,	terrorism	,	misconduct	,	or	other	crimes	,	including	but	not	limited	to	carrying	out	the	creditworthiness	checks	of	any	persons	related	to	our	corporate	customer	,	which	may	not	be	required	by	any	governmental	or	regulatory	authorities	,	and	authenticating	your	identity	to	prevent	such	crimes	)	;	b	)	conduct	our	relationship	managements	(	e.g	.
to	serve	customers	,	to	conduct	customer	survey	,	to	handle	complaints	)	;	c	)	ensure	security	(	e.g	.
to	maintain	cctv	records	,	to	register	,	exchange	identification	card	and/or	take	photo	of	visitors	before	entering	into	our	building	areas	)	;	d	)	develop	and	improve	our	products	,	services	and	systems	to	enhance	our	services	standard	,	and/or	for	the	greatest	benefits	in	fulfilling	your	needs	by	considering	the	fundamental	rights	in	your	personal	data	.
;	e	)	record	images	and/or	voices	relating	to	the	meetings	,	trainings	or	seminars	;	f	)	in	case	of	our	corporate	customer	,	we	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	personal	data	of	directors	,	authorized	persons	or	attorneys	;	g	)	ensure	business	continuity	;	h	)	handle	claims	and	disputes	,	file	lawsuits	and	process	the	relevant	legal	proceedings	;	i	)	contact	you	prior	to	your	entering	into	a	contract	with	us	;	j	)	evaluate	suitability	and/or	qualifications	of	our	platform	users	;	k	)	protect	against	security	risks	(	e.g	.
monitoring	network	activity	logs	,	detecting	security	incidents	,	conducting	data	security	investigations	,	and	otherwise	protecting	against	malicious	,	deceptive	,	fraudulent	,	or	illegal	activity	)	;	l	)	comply	with	applicable	foreign	laws	;	m	)	carry	out	research	,	plan	and	conduct	statistical	analysis	(	e.g	.
data	analytics	,	assessments	,	surveys	and	reports	on	our	services	and	your	behavior	)	;	n	)	organize	our	promotional	campaigns	or	events	,	conferences	,	seminars	,	and	company	visits	;	o	)	facilitate	financial	audits	to	be	performed	by	auditors	;	p	)	receive	advisory	services	from	legal	counsels	,	financial	advisors	,	and/or	other	advisors	appointed	by	you	or	us	;	q	)	in	the	event	of	sale	,	transfer	,	merger	,	reorganization	,	or	similar	event	,	disclose	and	transfer	your	personal	data	to	one	or	more	third	parties	as	part	of	that	transaction	;	r	)	maintain	and	update	lists	of	the	customers	(	including	your	personal	data	)	and	keep	contracts	and	associated	documents	in	which	you	may	be	referred	to	;	and/or	s	)	comply	with	reasonable	business	requirements	(	e.g	.
management	,	training	,	auditing	,	reporting	,	control	or	risk	management	,	statistical	and	trend	analysis	and	planning	or	other	related	or	similar	activities	,	implementing	business	controls	to	enable	our	business	to	operate	,	and	enabling	us	to	identify	and	resolve	issues	in	our	it	systems	to	keep	our	systems	secured	,	performing	our	it	systems	development	,	implementation	,	operation	and	maintenance	)	.
1.4	yourconsent	in	certain	cases	,	we	may	ask	for	your	consent	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	to	maximise	your	benefits	and/or	to	enable	us	to	provide	services	to	fulfil	your	needs	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	sensitive	personal	data	as	necessary	(	e.g	.
to	use	face	recognition	or	your	identification	card	photo	(	which	contains	your	sensitive	personal	data	,	namely	religion	and/or	blood	type	)	for	verification	of	your	identity	before	continuing	the	transaction	and	for	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	process	)	;	b	)	collect	and	use	your	personal	data	and	any	other	data	to	conduct	research	and	analyze	for	the	greatest	benefits	in	developing	products	and	services	to	truly	fulfil	your	needs	;	c	)	contact	you	to	provide	advice	and	offer	our	products	or	services	which	may	interest	you	(	in	case	the	consent	is	required	under	the	pdpa	)	;	d	)	disclose	your	personal	data	and	any	other	data	to	companies	in	scbxgroup	as	shown	onhttps	:	//www.scbx.com/en/affiliates-financial-business-group.htmland	our	trusted	business	partners	for	the	following	purposes	:	(	1	)	researching	,	conducting	statistical	data	,	developing	,	analyzing	products	,	services	,	and	benefits	to	fulfil	your	needs	;	and	(	2	)	contacting	you	for	offering	or	providing	products	,	services	and	benefits	suitable	to	you	;	e	)	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	overseas	,	which	may	have	inadequate	personal	data	protection	standards	(	unless	the	pdpa	specifies	that	we	may	proceed	under	other	lawful	basis	or	without	obtaining	consent	)	;	f	)	when	you	are	classified	as	a	minor	,	incompetent	or	quasi-incompetent	whose	consent	must	be	given	by	their	parent	,	guardian	or	curator	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	(	unless	the	pdpa	specifies	that	we	may	proceed	without	obtaining	consent	)	;	and/or	g	)	other	activities	which	we	may	require	your	consent	.
1.5	other	lawful	basis	apart	from	the	lawful	basis	which	we	mentioned	earlier	,	we	may	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	based	on	the	following	lawful	basis	:	a	)	prepare	historical	documents	or	archives	for	the	public	interest	,	or	for	purposes	relating	to	research	or	statistics	;	b	)	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	;	and/or	c	)	necessary	to	carry	out	a	public	task	,	or	for	exercising	official	authority	.
if	the	personal	data	we	collect	from	you	is	required	to	meet	our	legal	obligations	or	to	enter	into	an	agreement	with	you	,	we	may	not	be	able	to	provide	(	or	continue	to	provide	)	some	or	all	of	our	products	and	services	to	you	if	you	do	not	provide	such	personal	data	when	requested	.
the	type	of	personal	data	,	namely	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	,	which	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	,	varies	depending	on	the	scope	of	products	and/or	services	that	you	may	have	used	or	had	an	interest	in	.
the	type	of	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	shall	include	but	not	limited	to	:	normally	,	we	will	collect	your	personal	data	directly	from	you	,	but	sometimes	we	may	get	it	from	other	sources	,	in	such	case	we	will	ensure	the	compliance	with	the	pdpa	.
personal	data	we	collect	from	other	sources	may	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	,	and/or	any	other	persons	who	we	have	legal	relationship	with	;	b	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	corporate	customers	as	you	are	director	,	authorised	person	,	attorney	,	representative	or	contact	person	;	and/or	c	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	the	relevant	governmental	authorities	,	regulatory	authorities	and/or	third-party	service	providers	(	e.g	.
data	that	is	publicly	available	,	data	that	relates	to	transactions	.
in	case	you	have	given	any	personal	data	of	any	other	person	to	us	in	executing	transactions	with	us	or	any	purposes	,	you	shall	notify	such	person	of	the	details	relating	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	and	rights	under	this	privacy	notice	.
in	addition	,	you	shall	obtain	consent	from	such	person	(	if	necessary	)	or	relied	on	another	legal	basis	to	provide	personal	data	to	us	.
the	pdpa	aims	to	give	you	more	control	of	your	personal	data	.
you	can	exercise	your	rights	under	the	pdpa	,	details	as	specified	below	,	through	the	channels	prescribed	by	us	:	4.1.right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	you	have	the	right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	of	your	personal	data	retained	by	us	,	unless	we	are	entitled	to	reject	your	request	under	the	laws	or	court	orders	,	or	if	such	request	will	adversely	affect	the	rights	and	freedoms	of	other	individuals	.
4.2	right	to	rectification	you	have	the	right	to	rectify	your	inaccurate	personal	data	or	to	update	your	incomplete	personal	data	.
4.3	right	to	erasure	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	delete	,	destroy	or	anonymise	your	personal	data	,	unless	there	are	certain	circumstances	where	we	have	the	legal	grounds	to	reject	your	request	.
4.4	right	to	restrict	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	restrict	the	use	of	your	personal	data	under	certain	circumstances	(	e.g	.
when	we	are	pending	examination	process	in	accordance	with	your	request	to	rectify	your	personal	data	or	to	object	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	,	or	you	request	to	restrict	the	use	of	personal	data	instead	of	the	deletion	or	destruction	of	personal	data	which	is	no	longer	necessary	as	you	have	necessity	to	retain	it	for	the	purposes	of	establishment	,	compliance	,	exercise	or	defense	of	legal	claims	)	.
4.5	right	to	object	you	have	the	right	to	object	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	in	case	we	proceed	with	legitimate	interests	basis	or	for	the	purpose	of	direct	marketing	,	or	for	the	purpose	of	scientific	,	historical	or	statistic	research	,	unless	we	have	legitimate	grounds	to	reject	your	request	(	e.g	.
we	have	compelling	legitimate	ground	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	or	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	is	carried	out	for	the	establishment	,	compliance	,	or	exercise	legal	claims	,	or	for	the	reason	of	our	public	interests	)	.
4.6	right	to	data	portability	you	have	the	right	to	receive	your	personal	data	in	case	we	can	arrange	such	personal	data	to	be	in	the	format	which	is	readable	or	commonly	used	by	ways	of	automatic	tools	or	equipment	,	and	can	be	used	or	disclosed	by	automated	means	.
also	,	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	third	party	,	or	to	receive	your	personal	data	which	we	sent	or	transferred	to	third	party	,	unless	it	is	impossible	to	do	so	because	of	the	technical	circumstances	,	or	we	are	entitled	to	legally	reject	your	request	.
4.7	right	to	withdraw	consent	you	have	the	right	to	withdraw	your	consent	that	has	been	given	to	us	at	any	time	pursuant	to	the	methods	and	means	prescribed	by	us	,	unless	the	nature	of	consent	does	not	allow	such	withdrawal	.
the	withdrawal	of	consent	will	not	affect	the	lawfulness	of	the	collection	,	use	,	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	based	on	your	consent	before	it	was	withdrawn	.
you	can	review	and	change	your	consent	to	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	marketing	purposes	through	channels	as	specified	in	no	.
11	below	or	other	channels	prescribed	by	us	in	the	future	.
4.8	right	to	lodge	a	complaint	you	have	the	right	to	make	a	complaint	with	the	personal	data	protection	committee	or	their	office	in	the	event	that	we	do	not	comply	with	the	pdpa	.
we	may	disclose	your	personal	data	to	the	following	parties	under	the	provisions	of	the	pdpa	:	a	)	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	and/or	other	persons	that	we	have	the	legal	relationship	,	including	our	directors	,	executives	,	employees	,	staffs	,	contractors	,	representatives	,	advisors	and/or	such	persons	’	directors	,	executives	,	employees	,	staffs	,	contractors	,	representatives	,	advisors	;	b	)	the	relevant	governmental	authorities	and/or	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	(	g.	the	anti-money	laundering	office	,	the	ministry	of	digital	economy	and	society	,	the	thai	revenue	department	,	the	department	of	provincial	administration	)	;	c	)	suppliers	,	agents	and	other	entities	(	e.g	.
external	auditors	,	depositories	,	document	warehouses	,	domestic	and	overseas	financial	institutions	)	where	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	has	a	specific	purpose	and	under	lawful	basis	,	as	well	as	appropriate	security	measures	;	d	)	any	relevant	persons	as	a	result	of	activities	relating	to	selling	rights	of	claims	and/or	assets	,	restructuring	or	acquisition	of	any	of	our	entities	,	where	we	may	transfer	our	rights	to	;	any	persons	with	whom	we	are	required	to	share	data	for	a	proposed	sale	,	reorganisation	,	business	transfer	,	financial	arrangement	,	asset	disposal	or	other	transaction	relating	to	our	business	and/or	assets	used	in	our	business	operation	;	e	)	debt	collection	agencies	,	lawyers	,	fraud	prevention	agencies	,	courts	,	authorities	or	any	persons	whom	we	are	required	or	permitted	by	laws	,	regulations	,	or	orders	to	share	personal	data	;	f	)	third	parties	providing	services	to	us	(	e.g	.
it	service	providers	,	market	analysis	and	benchmarking	service	providers	,	cloud	computing	service	providers	,	including	but	not	limited	to	agents	or	subcontractors	acting	on	our	behalf	)	;	g	)	social	media	service	providers	(	in	a	secure	format	)	or	other	third-party	advertisers	so	they	can	display	relevant	messages	to	you	and	others	on	our	behalf	about	our	products	and/or	services	;	h	)	third-party	security	providers	;	i	)	other	persons	that	provide	you	with	benefits	or	services	associated	with	our	products	or	services	;	and/or	j	)	your	attorney	,	sub-attorney	,	authorized	persons	or	legal	representatives	who	have	lawfully	authorized	power	.
the	nature	of	the	modern	technology	business	is	global	and	under	certain	circumstances	it	is	necessary	for	us	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	internationally	(	e.g	.
transferring	data	to	companies	in	scbxgroup	or	to	cloud	server	overseas	for	the	purpose	of	the	provision	of	services	)	.
when	sending	or	transferring	your	personal	data	,	we	will	always	exercise	our	best	effort	to	have	your	personal	data	transferred	to	our	reliable	business	partners	,	service	providers	or	other	recipients	by	the	safest	method	in	order	to	maintain	and	protect	the	security	of	your	personal	data	.
if	the	destination	countries	do	not	have	adequate	data	protection	standard	,	we	will	proceed	to	transfer	personal	data	as	specified	by	the	pdpa	and	will	put	in	place	the	protection	measures	of	such	personal	data	as	necessary	and	appropriate	.
we	will	maintain	and	keep	your	personal	data	while	you	are	our	customer	and	once	you	has	ended	the	relationship	with	us	,	we	will	only	keep	your	personal	data	for	a	period	of	time	that	is	appropriate	and	necessary	for	each	type	of	personal	data	and	for	the	purposes	as	specified	by	the	pdpa	.
the	period	we	keep	your	personal	data	will	be	linked	to	the	prescription	period	or	the	period	under	the	relevant	laws	and	regulations	(	e.g	.
anti-money	laundering	laws	,	counter-terrorism	and	proliferation	of	weapon	of	mass	destruction	financing	laws	,	accounting	laws	,	tax	laws	,	labour	laws	and	other	laws	to	which	we	are	subject	both	in	thailand	and	in	other	countries	)	.
in	addition	,	we	may	need	to	retain	records	of	cctv	surveillance	in	our	office	to	prevent	fraud	and	to	ensure	security	,	including	investigating	suspicious	transactions	which	you	or	related	persons	may	inform	us	.
we	may	collect	and	use	cookies	and	similar	technologies	when	you	use	our	products	and/or	services	.
this	includes	when	you	use	our	websites	or	proceed	with	the	transaction	using	our	system	.
the	collection	of	such	cookies	and	similar	technologies	helps	us	recognise	you	,	remember	your	preferences	and	customise	how	we	provide	our	products	and/or	services	to	you	.
we	may	use	cookies	for	a	number	of	purposes	(	e.g	.
enabling	and	operating	basic	functions	,	helping	us	understand	how	you	interact	with	our	websites	or	emails	,	or	enabling	us	to	improve	your	online	experiences	or	our	communications	with	you	,	particularly	,	to	ensure	that	online	adverts	displayed	to	you	will	be	more	relevant	to	you	and	of	your	interests	)	,	for	details	please	see	cookies	policy	.
we	are	entitled	to	continue	collecting	and	using	your	personal	data	,	which	has	previously	been	collected	by	us	before	the	effectiveness	of	the	pdpa	in	relation	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	,	in	accordance	with	the	original	purposes	.
if	you	do	not	wish	us	to	continue	collecting	and	using	your	personal	data	,	you	may	notify	us	to	withdraw	your	consent	at	any	time	.
we	endeavour	to	ensure	the	security	of	your	personal	data	through	our	internal	security	measures	and	strict	policy	enforcement	.
the	measures	extend	from	data	encryption	to	firewalls	.
we	also	require	our	staff	and	third-party	contractors	to	follow	our	applicable	privacy	standards	and	policies	and	to	exercise	due	care	and	measures	when	using	,	sending	or	transferring	your	personal	data	.
if	you	have	any	questions	or	would	like	more	details	about	our	privacy	notice	,	please	contact	us	through	the	following	channels	:	our	office	located	at	21stfloor	scb	park	plaza	,	west	b	tower	,	19	rutchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	sub-district	,	chatuchak	district	,	bangkok	10900.	if	you	would	like	to	exercise	your	rights	in	accordance	with	pdpa	,	please	contact	us	through	ourdata	protection	officerby	writing	to	e-mail	:	tx.dpo	@	scbtechx.io	we	may	change	or	update	this	privacy	notice	from	time	to	time	and	we	will	inform	the	updated	privacy	notice	at	our	websitehttps	:	//scbtechx.io	.
version	august	2022
we	,	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	(	the	“	company	”	,	“	we	”	,	“	our	”	or	“	us	”	)	,	care	about	the	privacy	of	our	employees	,	workers	,	service	providers	and	contractors	(	“	you	”	)	.
thus	,	we	provide	this	privacy	notice	under	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	“	pdpa	”	)	to	inform	you	of	the	methods	,	objectives	and	details	of	the	data	that	we	collect	,	store	,	use	or	disclose	;	duration	of	data	collection	;	disclosure	of	personal	data	;	your	rights	as	the	owner	of	personal	data	;	and	the	keeping	of	privacy	and	security	of	personal	data	and	how	you	can	contact	us	.
this	privacy	notice	applies	to	the	following	natural	persons	:	(	1	)	employees	or	workers	of	the	company	pursuant	to	employment	agreements	;	(	2	)	service	providers	and	contractors	of	the	company	,	including	their	employees	or	staff	under	the	agreements	with	the	company	(	e.g	.
service	agreement	,	hire	of	work	agreement	,	agency	contract	)	including	its	employee	or	staff	;	(	3	)	job	applicants	,	whether	they	are	applying	directly	with	the	company	,	or	through	agency	or	other	entities	;	(	4	)	former	employees	,	of	whom	the	company	needs	to	retain	or	use	their	personal	data	as	required	by	laws	;	(	5	)	parents	,	descendants	,	relatives	,	spouses	or	beneficiaries	of	employees	;	(	6	)	guarantors	of	employees	,	staff	,	service	providers	or	contractors	under	the	employment	agreements	,	service	agreements	,	hire	of	work	agreements	,	agency	contracts	or	other	similar	agreements	with	the	company	;	(	7	)	speakers	and	lecturers	for	training	courses	organized	by	the	company	;	(	8	)	trainees	or	participants	in	projects	or	activities	organized	or	participated	by	the	company	;	(	9	)	directors	,	advisors	,	or	authorized	persons	of	the	company	;	(	10	)	employees	of	companies	in	scbxgroup	;	(	11	)	reference	persons	in	job	applications	or	other	contracts	made	with	the	company	;	(	12	)	student	trainees	,	scholarship	students	of	the	company	including	their	guarantors	or	other	relevant	persons	;	and	(	13	)	any	natural	person	entering	into	contract	or	participating	in	any	activity	(	whether	directly	or	indirectly	)	with	the	company	for	the	purposes	stated	in	this	privacy	notice	.
the	company	will	only	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	when	it	is	necessary	,	or	where	there	is	a	lawful	basis	to	do	so	.
this	includes	where	the	company	collects	,	uses	or	discloses	your	personal	data	based	on	(	a	)	legal	obligations	,	(	b	)	performance	of	contract	,	(	c	)	legitimate	interests	,	(	d	)	consent	and/or	(	e	)	other	lawful	bases	for	the	following	purposes	:	1.1	legalobligationsof	the	company	as	the	company	is	subject	to	supervision	and	regulations	and	must	comply	with	appliable	laws	and	regulations	,	it	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	various	reasons	as	required	by	the	following	laws	and	governmental	regulations	:	(	1	)	the	personal	data	protection	act	;	(	2	)	the	civil	and	commercial	code	,	labour	protection	act	,	labour	relations	act	including	other	relevant	labour	laws	;	(	3	)	the	social	security	act	,	provident	fund	act	,	workmen	compensation	act	,	or	other	laws	relating	to	the	provision	of	welfare	for	employees	or	workers	;	(	4	)	the	empowerment	of	persons	with	disabilities	act	,	skill	development	promotion	act	and/or	other	relevant	laws	;	(	5	)	the	revenue	code	or	other	tax	laws	;	(	6	)	the	orders	and	regulations	issued	by	government	authorities	,	such	as	court	orders	,	orders	from	governmental	or	supervisory	agencies	,	or	regulatory	authorities	;	(	7	)	the	anti-money	laundering	and	suppression	of	terrorism	funding	(	aml/cft	)	laws	;	(	8	)	checking	of	background	,	assets	or	securities	holding	of	employees	as	required	by	laws	,	including	reports	made	to	relevant	regulatory	or	governmental	authorities	;	and	(	9	)	checking	and	verifying	of	background	or	qualifications	for	the	appointment	of	executives	or	other	key	positions	as	required	by	rules	and	regulations	issued	by	relevant	regulatory	authorities	or	other	relevant	laws	.
1.2	performance	of	contractmade	between	you	andthecompany	the	company	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	application	documents	,	agreements	or	contracts	made	between	you	and	the	company	and	for	the	purposes	stated	therein	,	as	follows	:	(	1	)	job	application	,	recruitment	,	interview	,	questionnaire	,	performance	assessment	of	the	candidate	;	(	2	)	employment	,	negotiation	,	employment	approval	,	preparation	,	modification	,	change	,	renewal	or	any	other	actions	with	respect	to	employment	agreements	and/or	agency	agreements	,	including	change	of	working	conditions	;	(	3	)	preparation	of	employee	profile	registration	,	book-keeping	of	employee	profile	registration	on	the	company	’	s	system	,	including	to	create	,	delete	,	edit	employees	’	personal	data	and	grant	or	revoke	the	rights	of	the	employee	;	(	4	)	preparation	of	payroll	and	calculation	of	wages	,	salaries	or	compensations	to	be	paid	by	the	company	to	you	,	including	making	payments	or	setting	aside	workers	compensation	reserves	;	(	5	)	arrangement	for	welfare	,	benefits	,	payments	,	loans	,	credits	and	reimbursements	concerning	welfare	programs	granted	by	the	company	to	employees	;	(	6	)	arrangement	,	change	,	or	cancellation	of	health	insurance	,	life	insurance	,	accidental	insurance	or	other	types	of	insurances	;	(	7	)	grant	,	permission	or	alteration	,	deletion	and	control	of	the	rights	to	access	or	use	the	company	’	s	assets	or	systems	;	(	8	)	arrangement	and	provision	of	office	equipment	and	supplies	for	employees	g.	name	cards	,	signs	,	computers	distribution	and	employee	cards	,	including	arrangement	for	returning	of	the	same	upon	employment	termination	;	(	9	)	review	and	assessment	for	the	appointment	of	executives	or	other	key	positions	;	(	10	)	compliances	with	the	employment	agreement	work	rules	,	regulations	and	orders	of	the	company	;	(	11	)	record	and	management	of	data	concerning	leaves	of	employees	;	entitlement	;	(	12	)	performance	review	and	job	assessment	;	(	13	)	grant	of	scholarships	and	internship	;	(	14	)	arrangements	relating	to	termination	or	expiration	of	the	employment	agreement	between	the	company	and	employee	,	including	retirement	;	(	15	)	organisation	of	activities	by	internal	and	external	personnel	;	(	16	)	arrangement	in	relation	to	any	internal	and	external	trainings	,	projects	or	employees	’	capacity	development	programs	,	including	issuance	of	training	certificates	;	(	17	)	communications	and	announcements	to	employees	related	to	the	performance	of	contract	via	any	communication	channels	;	(	18	)	preparation	of	power	of	attorney	;	and	(	19	)	preparation	of	salary	certificate	,	income	statement	,	work	certificate	,	or	other	certificates	concerning	employment	,	agency	or	other	types	of	service	agreements	.
1.3	legitimateinterests	of	thecompany	the	company	relies	on	the	legitimate	interests	by	balancing	the	nature	of	your	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	with	the	normal	reasonable	expectations	and	provide	safeguards	to	reduce	any	negative	impacts	on	your	fundamental	rights	and	freedoms	.
this	may	include	processing	your	personal	data	to	:	(	1	)	use	personal	data	of	non-applicants	during	the	process	of	recruitment	,	interview	and	assessment	of	applicants	,	including	to	store	the	personal	data	of	the	beneficiaries	of	employees	;	(	2	)	perform	duties	under	a	contract	between	the	company	and	another	person	,	where	your	personal	data	is	necessary	but	you	are	not	a	contractual	party	;	(	3	)	record	and	keep	personal	data	on	the	company	’	s	internal	storage	system	;	(	4	)	enhance	staff	knowledge	and	capabilities	,	including	relevant	management	and	planning	for	corporate	structuring	projects	;	(	5	)	pursue	safety	and	business	continuity	measures	including	perform	the	company	’	s	internal	risk	management	function	,	and	report	incidents	resulting	from	the	company	’	s	operations	;	(	6	)	conduct	employee	background	check	;	(	7	)	perform	the	company	’	s	accounting	,	financial	,	or	other	internal	management	operations	;	(	8	)	undertake	measures	and	actions	towards	surveillance	,	prevention	,	investigation	,	complaint	handling	,	investigation	of	suspicious	behaviours	,	or	fraudulent	behaviours	,	money	laundering	,	and	terrorism	misconduct	,	including	actions	to	prevent	such	incidents	;	(	9	)	undertake	and	record	of	disciplinary	action	,	make	criminal	report	,	give	statements	or	information	to	the	police	,	competence	officer	,	court	and	other	competent	authorities	;	(	10	)	take	action	relating	to	disputes	,	dispute	resolution	including	establish	,	exercise	,	or	defend	the	legal	claim	;	(	11	)	provide	employment	information	,	disclose	employee	status	to	third	parties	,	such	as	companies	in	scbxgroup	;	(	12	)	prepare	reports	for	the	company	’	s	internal	departments	including	questionnaires	,	collecting	,	and	analysing	various	data	to	support	the	work	within	the	organisation	;	(	13	)	make	travel	and	accommodations	or	other	facilities	arrangements	for	employees	,	such	as	ticket	and	hotel	reservations	,	meals	;	(	14	)	communicate	with	and	make	announcement	to	employees	via	any	channels	;	and	(	15	)	membership	process	for	cooperatives	1.4	consent	normally	,	the	company	will	not	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	if	the	company	does	not	have	any	lawful	bases	to	do	so	.
however	,	if	necessary	,	the	company	will	ask	for	your	consent	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	your	benefits	the	following	purposes	:	(	1	)	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	sensitive	personal	data	for	authentication	,	criminal	background	check	or	welfare	and	health	benefits	;	(	2	)	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	a	country	of	destination	with	inferior	data	protection	standards	;	and	(	3	)	when	the	data	subject	is	classified	as	a	minor	,	quasi-incompetent	or	incompetent	whose	consent	must	be	given	by	their	parent	,	guardian	or	curator	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
1.5	other	lawful	bases	apart	from	the	above	lawful	bases	,	other	lawful	bases	that	the	company	may	rely	on	the	following	bases	when	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	your	personal	:	(	1	)	prepare	historical	documents	or	archives	for	the	public	interest	,	or	purposes	relating	to	research	or	statistics	;	(	2	)	believe	that	the	use	of	your	personal	data	is	of	vital	interest	or	to	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	;	or	(	3	)	believe	that	the	use	of	your	personal	data	is	necessary	to	carry	out	a	public	task	,	or	exercise	official	authority	.
the	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	may	vary	depending	on	the	objectives	and	necessities	and	may	include	both	general	and	sensitive	personal	data	.
your	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	are	as	follows	:	information	relating	to	:	normally	,	the	company	will	collect	your	personal	data	directly	from	you	.
the	company	sometimes	may	get	it	from	other	sources	,	in	which	case	the	company	will	ensure	that	our	sources	of	your	personal	data	comply	with	the	pdpa	.
personal	datathatthe	company	collects	from	other	sources	may	include	:	(	1	)	information	you	have	asked	the	company	to	collect	for	you	,	e.g	.
information	about	your	accounts	or	property	holdings	with	other	companies	including	transactional	information	;	(	2	)	information	of	any	persons	relevant	to	you	(	e.g	.
your	family	,	relatives	,	job	or	scholarship	guarantor	)	that	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	proceed	with	the	relevant	employment	,	benefits	and	welfare	purposes	;	(	3	)	information	from	third-party	service	providers	and/or	governmental	authorities	,	e.g	.
information	that	helps	us	to	combat	fraud	or	information	related	to	your	social	interactions	(	including	your	communications	on	social	media	,	with	individuals	,	organisations	,	clearing	houses	,	custodians	and	any	other	stakeholders	,	obtained	from	the	companies	from	which	information	is	collected	)	;	(	4	)	information	from	our	trusted	business	partners	or	other	third	parties	involved	in	your	transactions	;	(	5	)	if	information	arises	out	of	your	insurance	policy	or	claims	thereunder	,	the	company	may	also	collect	:	(	a	)	information	about	your	medical	records	obtained	through	an	agreement	or	with	your	consent	;	(	b	)	information	about	your	insurance	claims	history	;	(	c	)	information	from	other	parties	involved	in	your	insurance	policy	or	claim	;	or	(	d	)	information	from	publicly	available	sources	;	(	6	)	information	from	cctv	and	surveillance	devices	;	or	(	7	)	information	from	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	relating	to	your	work	or	engagement	other	than	the	above-mentioned	information	,	the	company	may	collect	personal	data	of	the	following	third	parties	from	you	:	by	providing	the	personal	data	of	the	above-mentioned	parties	,	you	have	the	obligation	to	inform	the	data	subjects	of	the	details	of	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	to	the	company	.
pdpa	aims	to	give	you	more	control	of	your	personal	data	.
you	have	legal	rights	concerning	your	personal	data	.
these	rights	include	:	4.1	right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	you	have	the	right	to	access	and	obtain	your	personal	data	held	by	the	company	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	is	entitled	to	reject	your	request	under	the	law	or	a	court	order	,	or	where	your	request	may	affect	the	rights	and	freedoms	of	other	persons	.
4.2	right	to	rectification	you	have	the	right	to	rectify	your	personal	data	to	be	up-to-date	,	complete	,	accurate	.
at	any	time	.
4.3	right	to	erasure	you	have	the	right	to	request	the	company	to	delete	,	destroy	or	anonymise	your	personal	data	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	has	the	legal	grounds	to	deny	your	request	.
4.4	right	to	restrict	you	have	the	right	to	request	the	company	to	restrict	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	under	certain	circumstances	,	for	example	when	your	personal	data	is	pending	examination	process	to	rectify	your	personal	data	,	or	when	it	is	no	longer	necessary	for	the	company	to	retain	the	personal	data	.
4.5	right	to	object	you	have	the	right	to	object	to	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	has	compelling	legitimate	grounds	which	may	override	your	own	interests	,	or	when	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	is	carried	out	to	comply	with	,	exercise	or	defend	legal	claims	,	or	if	such	personal	data	processing	is	necessary	for	the	performance	of	a	task	carried	out	under	public	interests	.
4.6	right	to	data	portability	you	have	the	right	to	request	that	the	company	transfer	your	personal	data	to	any	third	parties	,	or	request	to	obtain	your	personal	data	that	the	company	has	transferred	to	any	third	parties	provided	that	it	is	technically	feasible	.
4.7	right	to	withdraw	consent	you	have	the	right	to	withdraw	your	consent	given	to	the	company	at	any	time	according	to	steps	and	procedures	prescribed	by	the	company	,	except	where	such	consent	,	by	its	nature	,	is	non-withdrawable	nevertheless	,	the	withdrawal	of	your	consent	shall	not	affect	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	to	which	you	already	consented	prior	to	the	said	consent	withdrawal	.
4.8	right	to	lodge	a	complaint	you	have	the	right	to	make	a	complaint	with	the	personal	data	protection	committee	or	their	office	to	receive	a	fair	remedial	action	.
the	company	may	disclose	your	personal	data	to	the	following	third	parties	or	organisations	under	the	rules	prescribed	by	the	pdpa	:	(	1	)	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	and/or	other	persons	that	the	company	has	legal	relationship	with	,	including	directors	,	management	,	employees	,	workers	,	contractors	,	authorised	persons	and	consultants	of	such	persons	.
(	2	)	the	company	’	s	customers	or	service	receivers	,	where	the	disclosure	is	necessary	for	you	to	perform	your	duties	or	it	has	other	lawful	bases	to	do	so	.
(	3	)	business	partners	,	agents	,	third	party	service	providers	and	other	entities	(	e.g	.
external	auditors	,	depositories	,	document	warehouses	providers	,	it	service	providers	)	,	provided	that	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	must	have	a	specific	purpose	,	and	is	made	on	lawful	basis	,	as	well	as	is	subject	to	appropriate	security	measures	.
(	4	)	any	relevant	persons	as	a	result	of	activities	relating	to	sales	claims	and/or	assets	,	corporate	restructuring	or	merger	of	the	company	where	the	company	may	transfer	their	rights	to	such	merged	entity	including	any	persons	with	whom	the	company	is	required	to	share	data	for	a	proposed	sale	claims	and/or	assets	,	corporate	restructuring	,	merger	,	financial	arrangement	,	asset	disposal	or	other	transaction	relating	to	the	company	’	s	business	and/or	assets	used	in	its	business	operation	.
(	5	)	legal	counsel	,	attorneys	,	fraud	prevention	agencies	,	courts	or	governmental	authorities	or	any	person	with	whom	the	company	is	required	or	permitted	by	law	and	other	relevant	regulations	,	court	orders	or	other	authorities	,	to	disclose	the	personal	data	.
(	6	)	third-party	guarantors	or	other	persons	that	provide	benefits	or	services	to	you	(	such	as	insurance	company	relevant	to	work	,	products	or	services	.
(	7	)	your	attorney-in-fact	,	legal	representatives	,	sub-attorneys	,	or	any	other	authorised	persons	or	representatives	legally	empowered	or	entitled	to	use	your	account	.
(	8	)	governmental	agencies	,	state	enterprises	,	state	agencies	relating	to	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	the	law	and/or	regulatory	authority	(	e.g	.
the	department	of	labour	,	legal	execution	department	,	education	loan	fund	,	the	bank	of	thailand	,	the	securities	and	exchange	commission	,	the	office	of	the	insurance	commission	,	the	ministry	of	digital	economy	and	society	)	.
in	the	case	where	it	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	transfer	your	personal	data	internationally	,	the	company	will	use	its	best	efforts	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	reliable	business	partners	,	service	providers	or	recipients	of	the	company	in	the	safest	way	to	keep	your	personal	data	secure	.
(	1	)	it	is	required	by	law	;	(	2	)	the	company	has	informed	you	of	the	inadequate	personal	data	protection	standards	of	the	destination	country	and	has	obtained	your	consent	;	(	3	)	it	is	necessary	for	the	performance	of	a	contract	to	which	you	are	a	party	or	in	accordance	with	application/request	prior	to	execution	of	contract	;	(	4	)	it	is	necessary	to	comply	with	a	contract	between	the	company	and	other	individual	or	juristic	parties	,	for	your	own	interest	;	(	5	)	it	is	for	a	vital	interest	or	it	is	to	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	and	you	’	re	incapable	of	giving	consent	at	such	time	;	or	(	6	)	the	company	needs	to	carry	out	activities	relating	to	the	public	interest	.
the	company	will	keep	your	personal	data	for	as	long	as	you	still	have	the	relationship	with	the	company	as	our	employee	,	service	provider	,	contractor	under	the	employment	agreement	,	service	agreement	,	hire	of	work	agreement	,	agency	contract	,	or	other	agreements	of	the	same	kind	that	you	have	entered	into	with	the	company	.
the	company	will	only	keep	your	personal	data	for	a	period	of	time	that	is	appropriate	for	the	type	of	personal	data	and	the	purpose	the	company	holds	it	for	in	accordance	with	the	pdpa	.
the	period	of	time	that	the	company	retains	your	personal	data	is	corresponding	to	the	prescription	period	and	law	enforcement	period	under	the	laws	.
however	,	the	company	may	retain	your	personal	data	after	the	expiration	of	such	period	if	the	company	is	obligated	to	do	so	under	the	laws	,	or	if	any	existing	claims	or	complaints	will	reasonably	require	the	company	to	keep	your	personal	data	,	or	for	regulatory	or	technical	reasons	,	whereby	if	the	company	is	required	to	keep	your	personal	information	for	a	longer	period	of	time	,	the	company	will	continue	to	keep	your	personal	data	secure	.
apart	from	this	,	the	company	may	need	to	retain	cctv	surveillance	in	our	offices	,	to	prevent	fraud	and	for	security	reason	of	our	customers	or	related	persons	who	visit	or	inform	to	the	company	.
the	company	may	collect	cookies	and	similar	technologies	when	you	use	our	systems	,	products	and/or	services	,	including	when	you	use	our	websites	for	the	operations	and	the	company	’	s	services	,	electronic	systems	,	to	make	transactions	through	internet	banking	,	applications	of	the	company	.
the	collection	of	cookies	and	similar	technologies	helps	the	company	to	recognise	you	and	your	preferences	,	and	customise	our	services	to	your	needs	.
the	company	may	use	cookies	for	a	number	of	purposes	,	such	as	improving	your	online	experience	,	as	well	as	our	understandings	of	how	you	interact	with	our	e-mails	,	and	allowing	us	to	improve	our	communications	with	you	,	particularly	,	to	ensure	that	online	adverts	displayed	to	you	will	be	more	relevant	to	you	and	of	your	interests	.
the	company	has	the	right	to	collect	and	use	your	personal	information	that	the	company	has	collected	before	the	enforcement	of	the	pdpa	if	the	collection	and	use	are	for	the	original	purposes	.
if	you	do	not	wish	the	company	to	collect	and	use	such	personal	data	,	please	inform	the	company	to	withdraw	your	consent	at	any	time	.
the	company	has	implemented	different	measures	to	ensure	that	your	personal	data	is	secure	,	such	as	data	encryption	,	and	also	requires	our	staff	and	third-party	contractors	to	follow	our	applicable	privacy	standards	and	policies	and	exercise	due	care	and	implement	appropriate	security	measures	when	processing	personal	data	.
if	you	have	any	questions	about	the	privacy	notice	of	the	company	or	would	like	to	exercise	your	rights	,	please	contact	the	company	athr	@	scbtechx.io	in	addition	you	may	contact	our	data	protection	officer	attx.dpo	@	scbtechx.ioor	our	head	office	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	located	at	scb	park	plaza	west	b	,	floor	21st	,	no	.
19	,	ratchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	,	chatuchak	,	bangkok	10900.	the	company	may	change	or	update	this	privacy	notice	from	time	to	time	by	notification	or	announcement	of	the	revised	privacy	notice	on	our	website	.
version	april	2022
in	today	’	s	digital	era	,	businesses	strive	to	leverage	data	to	enhance	productivity	and	gain	a	competitive	edge	.
yet	,	the	exponential	growth	in	data	volume	and	diversity	has	rendered	traditional	data	management	methods	ineffective	.
techx	data	platform	is	a	game-changing	solution	for	data-centric	organizations	.
this	enterprise-class	data	platform	harnesses	advanced	technology	and	extensive	expertise	of	scb	techx	,	a	system	developer	handling	big	data	management	for	scb	easy	app	,	robinhood	,	pointx	,	and	other	digital	banking	products	of	scb	.
techx	data	platform	offers	comprehensive	solutions	for	end-to-end	data	management	,	encompassing	data	integration	,	data	storage	,	data	administration	,	data	analytics	,	and	governance	security	.
it	empowers	businesses	with	advanced	ai	and	machine	learning	capabilities	for	high-level	data	analysis	.
techx	data	platform	is	customizable	for	businesses	of	all	sizes	,	accommodating	the	diverse	data	usage	requirements	of	startups	,	smes	,	and	large	enterprises	.
it	can	be	tailored	to	meet	specific	needs	,	ensuring	a	personalized	and	optimized	data	management	experience	.
techx	data	platform	connects	easily	to	different	software	,	enabling	users	to	extract	data	and	work	with	their	familiar	tools	such	as	power	bi	and	tableau	with	ease	.
techx	data	platform	eliminates	the	need	for	coding	expertise	,	allowing	employees	from	any	department	in	an	organization	to	access	the	information	they	require	effortlessly	.
scb	techx	collaborates	with	industry-leading	data	and	cloud	service	providers	like	databricks	,	aws	,	microsoft	azure	,	and	google	cloud	platform	,	ensuring	the	utmost	data	security	and	reliability	.
techx	data	platform	is	fully	equipped	to	support	data	management	in	line	with	the	data	governance	framework	and	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	pdpa	)	,	making	it	the	ideal	choice	for	organizations	operating	in	thailand	.
techx	data	platform	leverages	the	advantages	of	data	warehouse	and	data	lake	to	create	a	cutting-edge	data	management	solution	known	as	data	lakehouse	,	a	flexible	and	adaptable	storage	system	that	enables	easy	access	to	information	while	reducing	data	management	costs	compared	to	traditional	data	warehouse	.
for	forward-thinking	organizations	seeking	to	unleash	the	full	potential	of	their	data	,	data	lakehouse	is	the	ideal	storage	option	.
with	techx	data	platform	as	a	central	hub	,	organizations	can	seamlessly	store	diverse	data	types	from	various	applications	in	a	unified	database	.
this	enables	efficient	data	integration	between	different	applications	,	fostering	a	systematic	approach	that	unlocks	new	possibilities	for	leveraging	data	to	drive	business	growth	and	development	.
techx	data	platform	serves	as	a	secure	data	lake	for	archival	storage	of	legacy	data	on	the	cloud	.
this	feature	not	only	reduces	data	storage	expenses	but	also	provides	the	ability	to	retrieve	archived	data	easily	,	which	enables	the	fullest	use	of	a	company	’	s	legacy	data	.
bringing	together	various	data	solutions	,	from	data	storage	,	data	management	and	data	analytics	to	ai	,	techx	data	platform	serves	as	a	one-stop	platform	solution	for	our	customers	to	easily	choose	and	utilize	the	services	they	need	.
we	provide	enterprise	platform	installation	services	along	with	expert	advice	for	our	customers	,	enabling	them	to	independently	maintain	and	manage	their	systems	,	and	offering	professional	service	support	upon	customers	’	requests	.
if	you	’	re	interested	in	techx	data	platform	,	our	team	of	experts	is	ready	to	provide	advice	and	recommend	services	tailored	to	your	business	needs	.
for	further	assistance	,	please	contact	us	atcontact	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	want	to	contact	scb	techx	,	please	feel	free	to	send	us	your	message	via	this	form	.
we	will	get	back	to	you	shortly
the	anti-money	laundering	act	mandates	firms	engaging	in	finance	and	investment	to	implement	a	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	system	to	verify	the	identification	of	service	users	prior	to	conducting	transactions	.
however	,	identity	verification	by	filling	out	documents	is	a	burden	for	firms	seeking	to	verify	information	and	makes	things	harder	for	customers.to	address	this	issue	,	scb	techx	has	created	an	innovative	ekyc	(	electronic	know	your	customer	)	,	a	digital	identity	verification	solution	that	simplifies	kyc	.
customers	can	verify	their	identity	through	mobile	phone	,	tablet	,	or	computer	anytime	and	anywhere	by	scanning	their	id	card	and	taking	a	photo	of	their	face	.
reduces	the	complexity	of	procedures	and	costs	associated	with	verifying	and	storing	information	.
reduces	the	possibility	of	human	errors	during	verification	process	.
enhances	the	customer	experience	by	enabling	24-hour	,	easy	and	quick	verification	,	eliminating	the	need	to	visit	business	or	service	locations	.
verifies	whether	the	user	matches	the	one	on	the	id	card	and	transforms	service	users	’	id	card	snapshots	into	digital	information	instantly	,	eliminating	the	need	for	manual	data	entry	.
verifies	whether	the	user	and	the	person	in	the	photo	are	the	same	person	.
compares	the	information	on	the	user	’	s	id	card	to	the	department	of	provincial	administration	’	s	database	to	see	if	the	details	are	valid	.
connects	the	digital	id	platform	for	cross-platform	identity	verification	,	thereby	assisting	enterprises	without	direct	connection	to	the	ndid	and	reducing	connection	and	administration	costs	.
scb	techx	offers	3	types	of	ekyc	.
scb	techx	offers	an	sdk	package	that	provides	customers	access	to	a	range	of	ekyc	service	apis	,	such	as	liveness	+	ocr	.
additionally	,	it	provides	supplementary	dopa	services	and	an	sdk	package	for	ndid	.
by	integrating	sdk	into	their	solutions	,	customers	can	tailor	it	to	suit	their	customer	journeys	and	cater	to	their	own	clientele	.
this	includes	customization	options	such	as	themes	,	backgrounds	,	logos	,	button	colors	,	and	more	.
customers	will	be	relieved	from	the	burden	of	designing	their	own	screens	,	resulting	in	significant	savings	in	effort	and	resources	.
this	option	is	ideal	for	customers	who	already	possess	customer	data	and	simply	need	to	cross-reference	it	with	dopa	.
by	utilizing	this	service	there	is	no	requirement	to	modify	the	screen	flow	or	alter	any	aspect	of	the	customer	’	s	journey	.
customers	can	simply	transmit	the	information	through	the	backend	system	,	ensuring	the	accuracy	of	the	dataset	.
this	approach	is	suitable	for	customers	who	do	not	require	an	sdk	and	have	already	developed	their	own	front-end	system	.
these	customers	can	leverage	ndid	service	by	connecting	through	scb	techx	’	s	proxy	.
the	major	advantage	is	that	customers	do	not	need	to	invest	in	hardware	for	setting	up	nodes	,	establishing	direct	connections	with	the	ndid	platform	,	or	manually	upgrading	nodes	or	data	,	significantly	reducing	costs	.
innovestx	is	one	of	our	clients	who	use	ekyc	to	accelerate	the	development	process	and	cut	through	the	complexity	of	kyc	.
if	you	want	to	contact	scb	techx	,	please	feel	free	to	send	us	your	message	via	this	form	.
we	will	get	back	to	you	shortly
>	>	one	challenge	in	innovestx	’	s	expansion	to	investors	who	are	not	current	siam	commercial	bank	clients	was	establishing	an	identity	verification	system	in	compliance	with	anti-money	laundering	office	(	amlo	)	standards	.
scb	techx	’	s	innovative	ekyc	technology	makes	it	simple	and	fast	to	create	a	system	to	confirm	the	identities	of	new	clients	.
regulatory	restrictions	now	necessitate	that	a	great	number	of	firms	demand	that	their	clients	provide	identification	.
in	accordance	with	the	anti-money	laundering	office	’	s	recommendations	,	an	ial	2.3	level	of	identification	verification	is	required	to	open	a	digital	asset	account	using	the	one-stop	investment	app	innovestx	.
however	,	there	are	obstacles	that	developers	must	investigate	to	discover	the	best	solution	for	creating	a	digital	identity	verification	system	.
the	ekyc	technology	developed	by	scb	techx	has	been	used	by	innovestx	to	facilitate	the	rapid	and	trouble-free	implementation	of	an	identity	authentication	system	for	its	investment	application	.
the	ekyc	solution	from	scb	techx	is	a	digital	identity	verification	solution	designed	to	be	used	right	away	,	with	all	of	the	necessary	features	already	included	.
innovestx	uses	ndid	proxy	,	which	connects	to	the	ndid	(	national	digital	id	)	platform	and	enables	users	to	verify	their	identification	in	a	cross-platform	manner	with	the	liveness	&	face	recognition	feature	,	which	checks	if	a	user	’	s	selfie	matches	a	photo	from	a	reliable	source	.
scb	techx	not	only	provides	ready-to-use	innovations	,	but	also	a	team	of	professionals	to	help	with	any	issues	that	may	emerge	during	the	implementation	of	various	innovative	ekyc	features	.
the	short	timeline	presented	a	difficulty	for	innovestx	during	the	construction	of	the	ndid	proxy	feature	because	ndid	needed	the	feature	installed	by	a	certain	time	.
scb	techx	and	innovestx	collaborated	on	an	implementation	plan	that	streamlined	the	process	by	eliminating	unnecessary	steps	and	double-checking	work	along	the	way	.
this	paved	the	way	for	scb	techx	to	implement	ndid	proxy	capability	in	a	timely	and	uniform	manner	.
another	issue	encountered	was	that	some	customers	could	not	use	the	face	verification	feature	since	their	selfies	were	being	transformed	into	high-resolution	3d	vector	images	when	they	used	the	liveness	&	face	recognition	tool	.
in	certain	cases	,	even	when	using	photos	from	trustworthy	sources	,	the	algorithm	was	unable	to	correctly	identify	faces	since	the	images	were	of	inadequate	2d	quality	.
scb	techx	’	s	experienced	team	was	able	to	resolve	this	issue	by	adapting	the	feature	’	s	algorithm	to	the	specific	scenario	at	hand	.
this	facilitated	faster	and	more	precise	face	matching	.
innovestx	was	able	to	roll	out	its	application	platform	on	schedule	thanks	in	part	to	the	use	of	the	ekyc	innovation	rather	than	a	custom-built	identity	verification	solution	.
meanwhile	,	the	key	feature	of	scb	techx	’	s	ekyc	system	is	its	ability	to	facilitate	simple	identity	verification	for	users	of	the	innovestx	application	regardless	of	location	or	time	.
scb	techx	’	s	ready-to-use	innovations	,	such	as	ekyc	,	provide	an	alternative	for	businesses	seeking	to	establish	a	system	or	platform	in	order	to	quickly	offer	new	products	and	services	.
ไทย	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	digitally	native	,	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	business	that	provides	innovative	banking	and	non-banking	services	to	commercial	institutions	and	consumers	throughout	southeast	asia	,	today	announced	the	appointment	of	trirat	suwanprateeb	as	its	chief	executive	officer	(	ceo	)	.
mr.	suwanprateeb	will	oversee	the	company	and	lead	the	organization	’	s	efforts	to	help	financial	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	in	an	increasingly	digital-first	world	.
a	subsidiary	of	the	scb	group	,	scb	techx	provides	sophisticated	technology	solutions	,	consulting	and	digital	platform	development	to	enable	its	clients	to	focus	on	their	customers	and	provide	a	superior	user	experience	.
the	company	meets	client	demands	for	innovative	technology	solutions	that	position	them	for	long-term	growth	.
“	i	’	m	incredibly	excited	to	be	leading	scb	techx	as	its	ceo	and	look	forward	to	delivering	innovative	technologies	and	capabilities	that	will	enable	our	clients	to	stay	ahead	of	the	technology	curve	and	serve	their	customers	who	expect	superior	experiences	,	”	said	scb	techx	ceo	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	.
“	as	consumer	demands	evolve	,	so	will	our	solutions	as	we	strive	to	offer	a	diverse	range	of	globally	competitive	fintech	and	technology	platforms.	”	scb	techx	intends	to	be	among	the	best	fintech	platform	players	in	the	asean	region	within	the	next	five	years	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	is	a	knowledgeable	and	experienced	specialist	in	the	field	of	technology	operations	and	platforms	,	with	a	focus	on	financial	services	.
he	joined	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	in	2011	and	has	held	a	number	of	senior	executive	positions	,	playing	a	crucial	role	in	developing	the	bank	’	s	technology	infrastructure	.
previously	,	mr.	suwanprateeb	worked	as	an	executive	it	specialist	at	ibm	thailand	for	21	years	and	as	a	project	engineer	at	abb	thailand	.
he	holds	a	bachelor	of	engineering	and	an	mba	from	chulalongkorn	university	.
scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	digitally	native	,	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	business	that	provides	innovative	banking	and	non-banking	services	to	commercial	institutions	and	consumers	throughout	southeast	asia	,	today	announced	the	appointment	of	trirat	suwanprateeb	as	its	chief	executive	officer	(	ceo	)	.
mr.	suwanprateeb	will	oversee	the	company	and	lead	the	organization	’	s	efforts	to	help	financial	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	in	an	increasingly	digital-first	world	.
a	subsidiary	of	the	scb	group	,	scb	techx	provides	sophisticated	technology	solutions	,	consulting	and	digital	platform	development	to	enable	its	clients	to	focus	on	their	customers	and	provide	a	superior	user	experience	.
the	company	meets	client	demands	for	innovative	technology	solutions	that	position	them	for	long-term	growth	.
“	i	’	m	incredibly	excited	to	be	leading	scb	techx	as	its	ceo	and	look	forward	to	delivering	innovative	technologies	and	capabilities	that	will	enable	our	clients	to	stay	ahead	of	the	technology	curve	and	serve	their	customers	who	expect	superior	experiences	,	”	said	scb	techx	ceo	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	.
“	as	consumer	demands	evolve	,	so	will	our	solutions	as	we	strive	to	offer	a	diverse	range	of	globally	competitive	fintech	and	technology	platforms.	”	scb	techx	intends	to	be	among	the	best	fintech	platform	players	in	the	asean	region	within	the	next	five	years	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	is	a	knowledgeable	and	experienced	specialist	in	the	field	of	technology	operations	and	platforms	,	with	a	focus	on	financial	services	.
he	joined	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	in	2011	and	has	held	a	number	of	senior	executive	positions	,	playing	a	crucial	role	in	developing	the	bank	’	s	technology	infrastructure	.
previously	,	mr.	suwanprateeb	worked	as	an	executive	it	specialist	at	ibm	thailand	for	21	years	and	as	a	project	engineer	at	abb	thailand	.
he	holds	a	bachelor	of	engineering	and	an	mba	from	chulalongkorn	university	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	•	shoppers	can	take	advantage	of	tax	deductions	of	up	to	40,000.	as	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	has	arrived	,	shoppers	with	unredeemed	credit	card	points	are	now	getting	ready	for	non-stop	fun	shopping	for	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	2023	with	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	combines	all	accumulated	credit	card	points	in	one	place	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	has	transformed	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
from	january	15	to	february	15	,	2023	,	pointx	is	launching	its	latest	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	”	campaign	,	allowing	shoppers	to	use	pointx	to	pay	instead	of	cash	when	purchasing	products	at	three	famous	online	shopping	applications	,	namely	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
during	the	campaign	period	,	the	first	700	eligible	shoppers	using	pointx	can	earn	up	to	4,000	rebate	points	and	claim	tax	deductions	from	the	government	’	s	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	2023	”	tax	rebate	scheme	(	tax	refunds	are	provided	according	to	the	actual	income	tax	rate	and	with	conditions	as	specified	by	the	government	)	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/shop-dee-mee-kuen-2023	details	on	earning	pointx	rebate	when	spending	with	pointx•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	5	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	10	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	20,000	pointx	/order	,	earn	20	%	pointx	rebate	.
how	to	use	pointx	for	cash	at	jd	central	,	lazada	and	shopee1	.
transfer	points	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	cards	to	the	pointx	application	to	start	shopping	.
2.	make	your	purchases	at	jd	central	,	lazada	,	or	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	“	mobile	banking	”	–	select	the	“	scb	easy	app	/	siam	commercial	bank	”	3	.
make	your	purchases	at	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	qr	promptpay	–	save	the	qr	code	image	to	your	mobile	phone.–	open	the	pointx	app	,	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	and	select	the	qr	code	image	saved	on	your	mobile	phone.4	.
go	to	“	pay	with	points	”	and	choose	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	.
5.	confirm	your	payment	and	wait	for	your	products	to	arrive	at	your	door	!
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	shoppers	can	take	advantage	of	tax	deductions	of	up	to	40,000.	as	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	has	arrived	,	shoppers	with	unredeemed	credit	card	points	are	now	getting	ready	for	non-stop	fun	shopping	for	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	2023	with	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	combines	all	accumulated	credit	card	points	in	one	place	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	has	transformed	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
from	january	15	to	february	15	,	2023	,	pointx	is	launching	its	latest	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	”	campaign	,	allowing	shoppers	to	use	pointx	to	pay	instead	of	cash	when	purchasing	products	at	three	famous	online	shopping	applications	,	namely	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
during	the	campaign	period	,	the	first	700	eligible	shoppers	using	pointx	can	earn	up	to	4,000	rebate	points	and	claim	tax	deductions	from	the	government	’	s	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	2023	”	tax	rebate	scheme	(	tax	refunds	are	provided	according	to	the	actual	income	tax	rate	and	with	conditions	as	specified	by	the	government	)	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/shop-dee-mee-kuen-2023	details	on	earning	pointx	rebate	when	spending	with	pointx•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	5	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	10	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	20,000	pointx	/order	,	earn	20	%	pointx	rebate	.
how	to	use	pointx	for	cash	at	jd	central	,	lazada	and	shopee1	.
transfer	points	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	cards	to	the	pointx	application	to	start	shopping	.
2.	make	your	purchases	at	jd	central	,	lazada	,	or	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	“	mobile	banking	”	–	select	the	“	scb	easy	app	/	siam	commercial	bank	”	3	.
make	your	purchases	at	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	qr	promptpay	–	save	the	qr	code	image	to	your	mobile	phone.–	open	the	pointx	app	,	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	and	select	the	qr	code	image	saved	on	your	mobile	phone.4	.
go	to	“	pay	with	points	”	and	choose	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	.
5.	confirm	your	payment	and	wait	for	your	products	to	arrive	at	your	door	!
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	introduction	of	pointx	,	an	app	that	consolidates	all	spending	reward	points	in	one	wallet	,	is	revolutionizing	user	experiences	and	allowing	for	the	infinite	accumulation	of	reward	points	that	can	be	spent	as	easily	as	cash	.
scb	techx	,	a	subsidiary	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	recently	partnered	with	thailand	’	s	premier	shopping	operator	,	the	mall	group	,	to	enrich	shopping	experiences	and	open	up	new	alternatives	for	earning	and	redeeming	points	.
the	partners	are	launching	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	as	a	means	of	payment	in	lieu	of	cash	when	purchasing	goods	and	services	across	the	entire	department	stores	.
the	campaign	’	s	goal	is	to	bring	a	fresh	shopping	experience	to	everyone	.
special	!
with	the	“	weekend	special	,	”	customers	can	get	100	baht	when	redeeming	800	pointx	rewards	on	saturdays	and	sundays	between	september	24	and	november	20	,	2022	,	and	with	the	“	month-end	special	,	”	customers	can	earn	200	baht	when	redeeming	1,000	pointx	rewards	on	at	the	end	of	every	month	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	speaking	about	the	new	partnership	,	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	when	it	comes	to	supporting	and	addressing	the	needs	of	consumers	in	the	digital	age	,	scb	techx	is	dedicated	to	delivering	technological	capabilities	and	cutting-edge	innovations	to	establish	new	platforms	.
therefore	,	we	have	set	out	to	create	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	consolidates	all	of	your	reward	points	into	a	single	digital	wallet	.
with	the	new	platform	,	reward	points	will	have	a	whole	new	spectrum	of	applicability	beyond	the	traditional	exchange	of	rewards	.
recently	,	we	formed	a	strategic	partnership	with	“	the	mall	group	”	to	develop	a	novel	direction	in	retail	by	providing	a	heightened	shopping	experience	.
together	,	we	will	be	launching	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	that	allows	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	at	discounted	rates	and	pay	with	a	scan	of	their	wallet	instead	of	cash	at	any	store	in	the	mall	group	’	s	retail	chain	.
through	this	partnership	,	the	mall	group	and	scb	techx	will	be	able	to	combine	and	leverage	their	respective	strengths	in	digital	technology	and	retail	leadership	on	a	national	scale	to	provide	customers	with	a	novel	shopping	experience	that	caters	to	their	needs	in	every	way.	”	the	mall	group	digital	retail	and	strategic	alliance	senior	vice	president	natee	srirasmee	said	,	“	the	mall	group	continues	to	build	a	new	level	of	seamless	shopping	to	fulfill	all	lifestyles	of	customers	across	all	generations	through	its	connections	with	strong	partners	in	a	variety	of	ecosystems	.
we	focus	on	providing	the	finest	customer	experience	and	customer	journey	at	every	stage	of	their	interaction	with	our	company	.
towards	this	end	,	the	mall	group	has	partnered	with	“	scb	techx	”	to	introduce	the	“	pointx	”	app	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	points	to	scan	and	pay	for	goods	and	services	without	needing	cash	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	,	which	includes	the	mall	,	the	mall	life	store	,	emporium	,	emquartier	,	and	paragon	department	store	.
to	offer	our	customers	the	greatest	possible	shopping	experience	,	we	are	always	looking	for	ways	to	improve	our	retail	operations	,	both	in	terms	of	products	and	services	.
steps	to	redeem	point	x	rewards	for	scanning	at	checkout	:	those	interested	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	to	experience	a	new	way	to	redeem	reward	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	at	:	the	introduction	of	pointx	,	an	app	that	consolidates	all	spending	reward	points	in	one	wallet	,	is	revolutionizing	user	experiences	and	allowing	for	the	infinite	accumulation	of	reward	points	that	can	be	spent	as	easily	as	cash	.
scb	techx	,	a	subsidiary	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	recently	partnered	with	thailand	’	s	premier	shopping	operator	,	the	mall	group	,	to	enrich	shopping	experiences	and	open	up	new	alternatives	for	earning	and	redeeming	points	.
the	partners	are	launching	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	as	a	means	of	payment	in	lieu	of	cash	when	purchasing	goods	and	services	across	the	entire	department	stores	.
the	campaign	’	s	goal	is	to	bring	a	fresh	shopping	experience	to	everyone	.
special	!
with	the	“	weekend	special	,	”	customers	can	get	100	baht	when	redeeming	800	pointx	rewards	on	saturdays	and	sundays	between	september	24	and	november	20	,	2022	,	and	with	the	“	month-end	special	,	”	customers	can	earn	200	baht	when	redeeming	1,000	pointx	rewards	on	at	the	end	of	every	month	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	speaking	about	the	new	partnership	,	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	when	it	comes	to	supporting	and	addressing	the	needs	of	consumers	in	the	digital	age	,	scb	techx	is	dedicated	to	delivering	technological	capabilities	and	cutting-edge	innovations	to	establish	new	platforms	.
therefore	,	we	have	set	out	to	create	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	consolidates	all	of	your	reward	points	into	a	single	digital	wallet	.
with	the	new	platform	,	reward	points	will	have	a	whole	new	spectrum	of	applicability	beyond	the	traditional	exchange	of	rewards	.
recently	,	we	formed	a	strategic	partnership	with	“	the	mall	group	”	to	develop	a	novel	direction	in	retail	by	providing	a	heightened	shopping	experience	.
together	,	we	will	be	launching	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	that	allows	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	at	discounted	rates	and	pay	with	a	scan	of	their	wallet	instead	of	cash	at	any	store	in	the	mall	group	’	s	retail	chain	.
through	this	partnership	,	the	mall	group	and	scb	techx	will	be	able	to	combine	and	leverage	their	respective	strengths	in	digital	technology	and	retail	leadership	on	a	national	scale	to	provide	customers	with	a	novel	shopping	experience	that	caters	to	their	needs	in	every	way.	”	the	mall	group	digital	retail	and	strategic	alliance	senior	vice	president	natee	srirasmee	said	,	“	the	mall	group	continues	to	build	a	new	level	of	seamless	shopping	to	fulfill	all	lifestyles	of	customers	across	all	generations	through	its	connections	with	strong	partners	in	a	variety	of	ecosystems	.
we	focus	on	providing	the	finest	customer	experience	and	customer	journey	at	every	stage	of	their	interaction	with	our	company	.
towards	this	end	,	the	mall	group	has	partnered	with	“	scb	techx	”	to	introduce	the	“	pointx	”	app	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	points	to	scan	and	pay	for	goods	and	services	without	needing	cash	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	,	which	includes	the	mall	,	the	mall	life	store	,	emporium	,	emquartier	,	and	paragon	department	store	.
to	offer	our	customers	the	greatest	possible	shopping	experience	,	we	are	always	looking	for	ways	to	improve	our	retail	operations	,	both	in	terms	of	products	and	services	.
steps	to	redeem	point	x	rewards	for	scanning	at	checkout	:	those	interested	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	to	experience	a	new	way	to	redeem	reward	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	dining	like	a	foodie	”	is	the	latest	promotion	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	4,600pointx	reward	points	from	double	pointx	deals	when	dining	at	bar-b-q	plaza	,	fuji	,	mk	restaurants	,	and	yayoi	and	making	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	between	1	february	2023	–	30	april	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	dining	like	a	foodie	”	is	the	latest	promotion	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	4,600pointx	reward	points	from	double	pointx	deals	when	dining	at	bar-b-q	plaza	,	fuji	,	mk	restaurants	,	and	yayoi	and	making	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	between	1	february	2023	–	30	april	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	bonus	points	worth	1,000	pointx	will	be	provided	in	4	rounds	as	follows	:	•	round	1	:	customers	signing	up	between	6	february	2023	–	9	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	10	february	2023.•	round	2	:	customers	signing	up	between	10	february	2023	–	16	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	17	february	2023.•	round	3	:	customers	signing	up	between	17	february	2023	–	23	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	24	february	2023.•	round	4	:	customers	signing	up	between	24	february	2023	–	2	march	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	3	march	2023.	bonus	points	are	valid	through	1	may	2023	at	23.59	hrs	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	bonus	points	worth	1,000	pointx	will	be	provided	in	4	rounds	as	follows	:	•	round	1	:	customers	signing	up	between	6	february	2023	–	9	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	10	february	2023.•	round	2	:	customers	signing	up	between	10	february	2023	–	16	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	17	february	2023.•	round	3	:	customers	signing	up	between	17	february	2023	–	23	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	24	february	2023.•	round	4	:	customers	signing	up	between	24	february	2023	–	2	march	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	3	march	2023.	bonus	points	are	valid	through	1	may	2023	at	23.59	hrs	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	card	during	the	7-day	pointx	merry	x	mas	giveaway	campaign	are	as	follows	:	·	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	25,000	pointx	on	top	how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	card	during	the	7-day	pointx	merry	x	mas	giveaway	campaign	are	as	follows	:	·	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	25,000	pointx	on	top	how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	“	pointx	”	platform	combines	every	reward	point	in	one	place	,	revolutionizing	the	way	we	use	and	accumulate	points	without	any	limitations	.
pointx	was	developed	by	scb	techx	digital	technology	experts	under	the	scbx	group	’	s	and	aims	to	elevate	the	user	experience	and	meet	the	lifestyle	needs	of	people	in	this	modern	era	.
in	the	latest	innovation	,	customers	can	use	pointx	to	pay	all	or	part	of	their	income	tax	with	points	instead	of	cash	through	the	qr	code	scan	&	pay	feature	when	submitting	and	paying	their	taxes	electronically	(	e-filing	)	on	the	revenue	department	website	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/taxpayment/	steps	to	using	pointx	for	personal	tax	payment	:	1.	submit	an	online	tax	form	via	https	:	//efiling.rd.go.th/rd-cms/and	confirm	the	tax	amount	that	must	be	paid	.
chose	qr	code	as	your	payment	method	.
2.	open	the	pointx	app	and	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	;	then	scan	the	qr	code.3	.
choose	“	pay	with	all	points	”	or	“	pay	with	some	points.	”	4	.
check	payment	information	and	exchange	rates	;	then	press	“	confirm.	”	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	“	pointx	”	platform	combines	every	reward	point	in	one	place	,	revolutionizing	the	way	we	use	and	accumulate	points	without	any	limitations	.
pointx	was	developed	by	scb	techx	digital	technology	experts	under	the	scbx	group	’	s	and	aims	to	elevate	the	user	experience	and	meet	the	lifestyle	needs	of	people	in	this	modern	era	.
in	the	latest	innovation	,	customers	can	use	pointx	to	pay	all	or	part	of	their	income	tax	with	points	instead	of	cash	through	the	qr	code	scan	&	pay	feature	when	submitting	and	paying	their	taxes	electronically	(	e-filing	)	on	the	revenue	department	website	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/taxpayment/	steps	to	using	pointx	for	personal	tax	payment	:	1.	submit	an	online	tax	form	via	https	:	//efiling.rd.go.th/rd-cms/and	confirm	the	tax	amount	that	must	be	paid	.
chose	qr	code	as	your	payment	method	.
2.	open	the	pointx	app	and	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	;	then	scan	the	qr	code.3	.
choose	“	pay	with	all	points	”	or	“	pay	with	some	points.	”	4	.
check	payment	information	and	exchange	rates	;	then	press	“	confirm.	”	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	#	buygoldwithpointx	to	gain	more	and	more	”	is	the	latest	promotional	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	11,000	pointx	in	points	back	from	double	deals	when	buying	gold	and	using	points	in	place	of	cash	and	paying	via	qr	code	(	scan	&	pay	)	at	any	of	the	following	gold	shops	:	aurora	,	mts	gold	,	yaowarat	krungthep	,	and	ylg	bullion	between	12	february	2023	–	12	may	2023.	pointx	deal	#	1	:	customers	will	receive	1,000	pointx	for	every	10,000	pointx	spent	.
the	deal	is	limited	to	3,000	pointx/customer/month	and	up	to	9,000	pointx	in	total	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	and	a	total	of	100	offers/month.	<	br	>	pointx	deal	#	2	:	accumulated	spending	of	100,000	pointx	and	above	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	will	entitle	users	to	receive	2,000	pointx.the	promotion	period	runs	as	follows	:	month	1	:	12	february	2023	–	12	march	2023	,	month	2	:	13	march	2023	–	12	april	2023	,	month	3	:	13	april	2023	–	12	may	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	spending	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/gold-campaign/	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	#	buygoldwithpointx	to	gain	more	and	more	”	is	the	latest	promotional	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	11,000	pointx	in	points	back	from	double	deals	when	buying	gold	and	using	points	in	place	of	cash	and	paying	via	qr	code	(	scan	&	pay	)	at	any	of	the	following	gold	shops	:	aurora	,	mts	gold	,	yaowarat	krungthep	,	and	ylg	bullion	between	12	february	2023	–	12	may	2023.	pointx	deal	#	1	:	customers	will	receive	1,000	pointx	for	every	10,000	pointx	spent	.
the	deal	is	limited	to	3,000	pointx/customer/month	and	up	to	9,000	pointx	in	total	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	and	a	total	of	100	offers/month.	<	br	>	pointx	deal	#	2	:	accumulated	spending	of	100,000	pointx	and	above	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	will	entitle	users	to	receive	2,000	pointx.the	promotion	period	runs	as	follows	:	month	1	:	12	february	2023	–	12	march	2023	,	month	2	:	13	march	2023	–	12	april	2023	,	month	3	:	13	april	2023	–	12	may	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	spending	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/gold-campaign/	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	“	fast	track	interview	:	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	”	การสัมภาษณ์งานแบบ	virtual	กลับมาอีกครั้ง	เรากำลังเฟ้นหาผู้สมัครสายเทคที่จะมาช่วยพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์และบริการด้านไอทีที่เกี่ยวข้องกับ	financial	services	ในตำแหน่งดังต่อไปนี้	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	หากคุณพร้อมสามารถ	สมัครและสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	พร้อมรู้ผลฉับไว	!
•	เปิดรับสมัครตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	21	เมษายน	2566•	virtual	interview	:	พุธที่	26	เมษายน	–	พฤหัสบดีที่	27	เมษายน	2566•	ประกาศผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	อังคารที่	2	พฤษภาคม	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกจะได้รับการติดต่อ	*	สนใจร่วมงานกับเรา	คลิก	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	หากต้องการสอบถามข้อมูลตำแหน่งงานเพิ่มเติม	สามารถส่ง	inbox	(	fb	)	หรือส่ง	email	มาได้ที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	ค่ะ	สถานที่ทำงาน	:	อาคาร	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	ใกล้	bts	2	สถานี	:	สถานีพหลโยธิน	24	และสถานีรัชโยธิน	)	รูปแบบการทำงาน	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	สวัสดิการจัดเต็ม•	โบนัส	,	ค่าโทรศัพท์/internet	,	flexible	benefit	•	กู้ซื้อบ้าน	อัตราดอกเบี้ยพิเศษ	•	กองทุนสำรองเลี้ยงชีพ	,	สหกรณ์ออมทรัพย์	•	วันหยุดพักร้อน	,	วันหยุดในวันเกิดหรือเดือนเกิด	•	ประกันสุขภาพ/ประกันชีวิต/ประกันอุบัติเหตุ	•	รถรับส่ง	mrt	bts	,	ที่จอดรถ	•	สนามกีฬา	,	ฟิตเนส	,	ศูนย์นวดเพื่อสุขภาพ	•	co-working	space	สามารถติดตามข่าวสารของ	scb	techx	ได้ตามช่องทางต่อไปนี้	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	”	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	2023	”	virtual	interview	event	is	back	!
scb	techx	is	looking	for	the	candidates	who	have	the	passion	to	bring	the	advanced	technology	to	develop	the	products	and	services	in	the	financial	services	.
for	this	event	,	we	are	looking	for	:	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	applying	and	virtual	interview	until	getting	the	feedback	as	fast	track	!
•	open	for	application	:	today	–	21	april	2023	•	virtual	interview	session	:	wednesday	26	april	and	thursday	27	april	2023	*	•	interview	result	announcement	:	tuesday	2	may	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	*	interesting	to	apply	?
don	’	t	hesitate	to	submit	your	resume	and	special	fast	track	selection	process	will	be	applicable	for	your	application	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	any	questions	about	the	roles	?
please	send	message	to	our	inbox	(	fb	)	or	email	to	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	location	:	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	access	by	bts	:	phahonyothin	24	station	and	ratchayothin	station	)	working	type	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	benefits	•	performance	bonus	,	mobile/internet	allowance	,	flexible	benefit	•	special	interest	rate	for	home	loan	•	provident	fund	,	saving	co-operative	•	annual	leave	,	day	off	on	your	birthday	•	medical	,	accident	&	life	insurance	•	free	shuttle	bus	to	mrt	&	bts	,	parking	space	•	sport	stadium	,	in-house	fitness	,	message	center	•	co-working	space	follow	us	for	more	updated	news	as	follows	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	:	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	”	การสัมภาษณ์งานแบบ	virtual	กลับมาอีกครั้ง	เรากำลังเฟ้นหาผู้สมัครสายเทคที่จะมาช่วยพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์และบริการด้านไอทีที่เกี่ยวข้องกับ	financial	services	ในตำแหน่งดังต่อไปนี้	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	หากคุณพร้อมสามารถ	สมัครและสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	พร้อมรู้ผลฉับไว	!
•	เปิดรับสมัครตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	21	เมษายน	2566•	virtual	interview	:	พุธที่	26	เมษายน	–	พฤหัสบดีที่	27	เมษายน	2566•	ประกาศผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	อังคารที่	2	พฤษภาคม	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกจะได้รับการติดต่อ	*	สนใจร่วมงานกับเรา	คลิก	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	หากต้องการสอบถามข้อมูลตำแหน่งงานเพิ่มเติม	สามารถส่ง	inbox	(	fb	)	หรือส่ง	email	มาได้ที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	ค่ะ	สถานที่ทำงาน	:	อาคาร	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	ใกล้	bts	2	สถานี	:	สถานีพหลโยธิน	24	และสถานีรัชโยธิน	)	รูปแบบการทำงาน	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	สวัสดิการจัดเต็ม•	โบนัส	,	ค่าโทรศัพท์/internet	,	flexible	benefit	•	กู้ซื้อบ้าน	อัตราดอกเบี้ยพิเศษ	•	กองทุนสำรองเลี้ยงชีพ	,	สหกรณ์ออมทรัพย์	•	วันหยุดพักร้อน	,	วันหยุดในวันเกิดหรือเดือนเกิด	•	ประกันสุขภาพ/ประกันชีวิต/ประกันอุบัติเหตุ	•	รถรับส่ง	mrt	bts	,	ที่จอดรถ	•	สนามกีฬา	,	ฟิตเนส	,	ศูนย์นวดเพื่อสุขภาพ	•	co-working	space	สามารถติดตามข่าวสารของ	scb	techx	ได้ตามช่องทางต่อไปนี้	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	”	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	2023	”	virtual	interview	event	is	back	!
scb	techx	is	looking	for	the	candidates	who	have	the	passion	to	bring	the	advanced	technology	to	develop	the	products	and	services	in	the	financial	services	.
for	this	event	,	we	are	looking	for	:	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	applying	and	virtual	interview	until	getting	the	feedback	as	fast	track	!
•	open	for	application	:	today	–	21	april	2023	•	virtual	interview	session	:	wednesday	26	april	and	thursday	27	april	2023	*	•	interview	result	announcement	:	tuesday	2	may	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	*	interesting	to	apply	?
don	’	t	hesitate	to	submit	your	resume	and	special	fast	track	selection	process	will	be	applicable	for	your	application	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	any	questions	about	the	roles	?
please	send	message	to	our	inbox	(	fb	)	or	email	to	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	location	:	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	access	by	bts	:	phahonyothin	24	station	and	ratchayothin	station	)	working	type	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	benefits	•	performance	bonus	,	mobile/internet	allowance	,	flexible	benefit	•	special	interest	rate	for	home	loan	•	provident	fund	,	saving	co-operative	•	annual	leave	,	day	off	on	your	birthday	•	medical	,	accident	&	life	insurance	•	free	shuttle	bus	to	mrt	&	bts	,	parking	space	•	sport	stadium	,	in-house	fitness	,	message	center	•	co-working	space	follow	us	for	more	updated	news	as	follows	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	’	s	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
in	the	latest	summer	promotion	,	pointx	is	giving	away	e-coupons	worth	100	baht	each	for	the	first	30,000	new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	.
upon	successful	registration	as	a	pointx	app	user	,	customers	will	get	a	special	offer	of	1,200	pointx	for	redeeming	an	e-coupon	worth	100	baht	for	shopping	with	such	popular	brands	as	lazada	,	monline	,	shopee	,	starbucks	,	viu	,	and	more	on	the	pointx	x	store	.
they	can	also	use	the	special	points	to	pay	in	store	or	online	as	they	prefer	.
the	promotion	runs	between	7	april	–	2	june	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	using	points	like	cash	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	please	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-user-get-1200/	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	promotion	comprises	the	following	8	rounds	:	•	round	1	:	for	customers	applying	between	7	–	13	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	14	april	2023.•	round	2	:	for	customers	applying	between	14	–	20	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	21	april	2023.•	round	3	:	for	customers	applying	between	21	–	27	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	28	april	2023.•	round	4	:	for	customers	applying	between	28	april	–	4	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	5	may	2023.•	round	5	:	for	customers	applying	between	5	–	11	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	12	may	2023.•	round	6	:	for	customers	applying	between	12	–	18	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	19	may	2023.•	round	7	:	for	customers	applying	between	19	–	25	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	26	may	2023.•	round	8	:	for	customers	applying	between	26	may	–	2	june	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	3	june	2023.	the	pointx	giveaways	are	valid	for	use	until	23:59	hrs	on	31	july	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	’	s	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
in	the	latest	summer	promotion	,	pointx	is	giving	away	e-coupons	worth	100	baht	each	for	the	first	30,000	new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	.
upon	successful	registration	as	a	pointx	app	user	,	customers	will	get	a	special	offer	of	1,200	pointx	for	redeeming	an	e-coupon	worth	100	baht	for	shopping	with	such	popular	brands	as	lazada	,	monline	,	shopee	,	starbucks	,	viu	,	and	more	on	the	pointx	x	store	.
they	can	also	use	the	special	points	to	pay	in	store	or	online	as	they	prefer	.
the	promotion	runs	between	7	april	–	2	june	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	using	points	like	cash	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	please	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-user-get-1200/	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	promotion	comprises	the	following	8	rounds	:	•	round	1	:	for	customers	applying	between	7	–	13	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	14	april	2023.•	round	2	:	for	customers	applying	between	14	–	20	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	21	april	2023.•	round	3	:	for	customers	applying	between	21	–	27	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	28	april	2023.•	round	4	:	for	customers	applying	between	28	april	–	4	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	5	may	2023.•	round	5	:	for	customers	applying	between	5	–	11	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	12	may	2023.•	round	6	:	for	customers	applying	between	12	–	18	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	19	may	2023.•	round	7	:	for	customers	applying	between	19	–	25	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	26	may	2023.•	round	8	:	for	customers	applying	between	26	may	–	2	june	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	3	june	2023.	the	pointx	giveaways	are	valid	for	use	until	23:59	hrs	on	31	july	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	bonus	points	worth	1,000	pointx	will	be	provided	in	4	rounds	as	follows	:	•	round	1	:	customers	signing	up	between	6	february	2023	–	9	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	10	february	2023.•	round	2	:	customers	signing	up	between	10	february	2023	–	16	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	17	february	2023.•	round	3	:	customers	signing	up	between	17	february	2023	–	23	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	24	february	2023.•	round	4	:	customers	signing	up	between	24	february	2023	–	2	march	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	3	march	2023.	bonus	points	are	valid	through	1	may	2023	at	23.59	hrs	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	bonus	points	worth	1,000	pointx	will	be	provided	in	4	rounds	as	follows	:	•	round	1	:	customers	signing	up	between	6	february	2023	–	9	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	10	february	2023.•	round	2	:	customers	signing	up	between	10	february	2023	–	16	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	17	february	2023.•	round	3	:	customers	signing	up	between	17	february	2023	–	23	february	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	24	february	2023.•	round	4	:	customers	signing	up	between	24	february	2023	–	2	march	2023	will	receive	bonus	points	on	3	march	2023.	bonus	points	are	valid	through	1	may	2023	at	23.59	hrs	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	as	part	of	its	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	optimization	initiative	,	the	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	(	baac	)	and	techxplattnera	working	groups	,	comprising	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	and	leading	it	solution	provider	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	,	have	joined	forces	to	upgrade	baac	’	s	credit	process	.
the	project	aims	to	modernize	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	management	system	so	that	it	can	support	the	credit	process	in	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	manner	to	increase	the	quality	of	its	credit	services	.
speaking	about	the	collaboration	,	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	senior	executive	vice	president	pongphun	jongrak	said	,	“	baac	is	committed	to	being	a	financial	hub	for	the	agricultural	and	rural	sectors	,	with	the	goal	of	supporting	the	growth	of	the	fundamental	economy	through	a	customer-centric	approach	.
therefore	,	the	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	development	and	optimization	project	has	been	launched	.
baac	is	excited	to	collaborate	with	leading	partners	to	develop	more	efficient	credit	and	collateral	management	systems	using	digital	technology	,	thereby	supporting	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	credit	process	aimed	at	enhancing	credit	quality	,	mitigating	credit	risk	,	and	expanding	customer	access	to	financial	products	.
the	development	will	also	improve	the	bank	’	s	service	capabilities	,	allowing	it	to	realize	its	objective	of	being	a	sustainable	bank	for	rural	development.	”	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	chief	product	officer	(	cpo	)	pavarej	hwangdee	noted	,	“	as	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	scb	techx	is	committed	to	assisting	businesses	in	creating	a	positive	customer	experience	and	developing	innovations	.
scb	techx	has	amassed	expertise	in	establishing	technology	infrastructure	for	the	country	’	s	largest	commercial	banks	and	plays	a	vital	role	in	propelling	banks	into	the	digital	transformation	age	,	in	addition	to	having	professional	staff	with	in-depth	knowledge	of	complicated	credit	and	back-end	systems	.
through	this	partnership	,	we	have	developed	and	optimized	the	credit	system	to	improve	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	services	so	that	they	can	operate	more	efficiently	,	quickly	,	and	precisely	.
scb	techx	is	constantly	striving	to	bring	digital	technology	to	the	development	of	new	services	to	meet	the	needs	of	modern	customers.	”	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	executive	director	wison	archadechopon	stated	that	,	“	as	the	country	’	s	preeminent	it	solution	providers	,	platt	nera	is	delighted	to	be	working	with	scb	techx	to	develop	and	optimize	the	credit	system	for	baac	,	which	will	allow	them	to	better	serve	their	customers	.
our	team	,	with	extensive	expertise	and	in-depth	knowledge	of	it	systems	,	along	with	more	than	fifteen	years	of	collaboration	with	baac	,	will	contribute	to	enhancing	service	levels	to	achieve	greater	customer	satisfaction	in	the	digital	age	.
we	are	confident	in	the	potential	of	our	partnership	to	accomplish	its	defined	objectives	and	goals.	”	as	part	of	its	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	optimization	initiative	,	the	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	(	baac	)	and	techxplattnera	working	groups	,	comprising	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	and	leading	it	solution	provider	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	,	have	joined	forces	to	upgrade	baac	’	s	credit	process	.
the	project	aims	to	modernize	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	management	system	so	that	it	can	support	the	credit	process	in	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	manner	to	increase	the	quality	of	its	credit	services	.
speaking	about	the	collaboration	,	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	senior	executive	vice	president	pongphun	jongrak	said	,	“	baac	is	committed	to	being	a	financial	hub	for	the	agricultural	and	rural	sectors	,	with	the	goal	of	supporting	the	growth	of	the	fundamental	economy	through	a	customer-centric	approach	.
therefore	,	the	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	development	and	optimization	project	has	been	launched	.
baac	is	excited	to	collaborate	with	leading	partners	to	develop	more	efficient	credit	and	collateral	management	systems	using	digital	technology	,	thereby	supporting	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	credit	process	aimed	at	enhancing	credit	quality	,	mitigating	credit	risk	,	and	expanding	customer	access	to	financial	products	.
the	development	will	also	improve	the	bank	’	s	service	capabilities	,	allowing	it	to	realize	its	objective	of	being	a	sustainable	bank	for	rural	development.	”	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	chief	product	officer	(	cpo	)	pavarej	hwangdee	noted	,	“	as	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	scb	techx	is	committed	to	assisting	businesses	in	creating	a	positive	customer	experience	and	developing	innovations	.
scb	techx	has	amassed	expertise	in	establishing	technology	infrastructure	for	the	country	’	s	largest	commercial	banks	and	plays	a	vital	role	in	propelling	banks	into	the	digital	transformation	age	,	in	addition	to	having	professional	staff	with	in-depth	knowledge	of	complicated	credit	and	back-end	systems	.
through	this	partnership	,	we	have	developed	and	optimized	the	credit	system	to	improve	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	services	so	that	they	can	operate	more	efficiently	,	quickly	,	and	precisely	.
scb	techx	is	constantly	striving	to	bring	digital	technology	to	the	development	of	new	services	to	meet	the	needs	of	modern	customers.	”	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	executive	director	wison	archadechopon	stated	that	,	“	as	the	country	’	s	preeminent	it	solution	providers	,	platt	nera	is	delighted	to	be	working	with	scb	techx	to	develop	and	optimize	the	credit	system	for	baac	,	which	will	allow	them	to	better	serve	their	customers	.
our	team	,	with	extensive	expertise	and	in-depth	knowledge	of	it	systems	,	along	with	more	than	fifteen	years	of	collaboration	with	baac	,	will	contribute	to	enhancing	service	levels	to	achieve	greater	customer	satisfaction	in	the	digital	age	.
we	are	confident	in	the	potential	of	our	partnership	to	accomplish	its	defined	objectives	and	goals.	”	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	leading	platform-as-a-service	expert	within	the	scbx	group	headed	by	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	has	been	awarded	iso/iec	27001:2013	standard	for	information	security	management	system	(	isms	)	certification	by	bsi	group	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	branch	of	the	british	standard	institution	(	bsi	)	in	thailand	.
this	certification	recognizes	scb	techx	’	s	proficiency	in	software	development	and	encompasses	the	infrastructure	and	related	facilities	involved	.
by	obtaining	this	certification	,	scb	techx	strengthens	its	information	security	management	practices	,	fostering	trust	among	customers	,	suppliers	,	and	business	partners	.
the	company	has	demonstrated	its	ability	to	systematically	and	reliably	manage	information	security	risks	,	ensuring	the	protection	of	confidential	data	through	effective	supervision	to	prevent	leaks	while	maintaining	the	accuracy	and	integrity	of	information	.
additionally	,	scb	techx	continuously	evaluates	and	enhances	its	information	security	management	system	to	systematically	and	reliably	mitigate	information	security	risks	the	acquisition	of	iso/iec	27001:2013	certification	enhances	the	company	’	s	credibility	and	positions	it	to	attract	security-conscious	new	customers	.
this	accomplishment	underscores	scb	techx	’	s	commitment	to	becoming	one	of	southeast	asia	’	s	premier	technology	companies	by	offering	innovative	solutions	that	deliver	exceptional	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	leading	platform-as-a-service	expert	within	the	scbx	group	headed	by	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	has	been	awarded	iso/iec	27001:2013	standard	for	information	security	management	system	(	isms	)	certification	by	bsi	group	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	branch	of	the	british	standard	institution	(	bsi	)	in	thailand	.
this	certification	recognizes	scb	techx	’	s	proficiency	in	software	development	and	encompasses	the	infrastructure	and	related	facilities	involved	.
by	obtaining	this	certification	,	scb	techx	strengthens	its	information	security	management	practices	,	fostering	trust	among	customers	,	suppliers	,	and	business	partners	.
the	company	has	demonstrated	its	ability	to	systematically	and	reliably	manage	information	security	risks	,	ensuring	the	protection	of	confidential	data	through	effective	supervision	to	prevent	leaks	while	maintaining	the	accuracy	and	integrity	of	information	.
additionally	,	scb	techx	continuously	evaluates	and	enhances	its	information	security	management	system	to	systematically	and	reliably	mitigate	information	security	risks	the	acquisition	of	iso/iec	27001:2013	certification	enhances	the	company	’	s	credibility	and	positions	it	to	attract	security-conscious	new	customers	.
this	accomplishment	underscores	scb	techx	’	s	commitment	to	becoming	one	of	southeast	asia	’	s	premier	technology	companies	by	offering	innovative	solutions	that	deliver	exceptional	customer	experiences	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	as	part	of	its	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	optimization	initiative	,	the	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	(	baac	)	and	techxplattnera	working	groups	,	comprising	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	and	leading	it	solution	provider	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	,	have	joined	forces	to	upgrade	baac	’	s	credit	process	.
the	project	aims	to	modernize	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	management	system	so	that	it	can	support	the	credit	process	in	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	manner	to	increase	the	quality	of	its	credit	services	.
speaking	about	the	collaboration	,	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	senior	executive	vice	president	pongphun	jongrak	said	,	“	baac	is	committed	to	being	a	financial	hub	for	the	agricultural	and	rural	sectors	,	with	the	goal	of	supporting	the	growth	of	the	fundamental	economy	through	a	customer-centric	approach	.
therefore	,	the	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	development	and	optimization	project	has	been	launched	.
baac	is	excited	to	collaborate	with	leading	partners	to	develop	more	efficient	credit	and	collateral	management	systems	using	digital	technology	,	thereby	supporting	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	credit	process	aimed	at	enhancing	credit	quality	,	mitigating	credit	risk	,	and	expanding	customer	access	to	financial	products	.
the	development	will	also	improve	the	bank	’	s	service	capabilities	,	allowing	it	to	realize	its	objective	of	being	a	sustainable	bank	for	rural	development.	”	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	chief	product	officer	(	cpo	)	pavarej	hwangdee	noted	,	“	as	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	scb	techx	is	committed	to	assisting	businesses	in	creating	a	positive	customer	experience	and	developing	innovations	.
scb	techx	has	amassed	expertise	in	establishing	technology	infrastructure	for	the	country	’	s	largest	commercial	banks	and	plays	a	vital	role	in	propelling	banks	into	the	digital	transformation	age	,	in	addition	to	having	professional	staff	with	in-depth	knowledge	of	complicated	credit	and	back-end	systems	.
through	this	partnership	,	we	have	developed	and	optimized	the	credit	system	to	improve	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	services	so	that	they	can	operate	more	efficiently	,	quickly	,	and	precisely	.
scb	techx	is	constantly	striving	to	bring	digital	technology	to	the	development	of	new	services	to	meet	the	needs	of	modern	customers.	”	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	executive	director	wison	archadechopon	stated	that	,	“	as	the	country	’	s	preeminent	it	solution	providers	,	platt	nera	is	delighted	to	be	working	with	scb	techx	to	develop	and	optimize	the	credit	system	for	baac	,	which	will	allow	them	to	better	serve	their	customers	.
our	team	,	with	extensive	expertise	and	in-depth	knowledge	of	it	systems	,	along	with	more	than	fifteen	years	of	collaboration	with	baac	,	will	contribute	to	enhancing	service	levels	to	achieve	greater	customer	satisfaction	in	the	digital	age	.
we	are	confident	in	the	potential	of	our	partnership	to	accomplish	its	defined	objectives	and	goals.	”	as	part	of	its	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	optimization	initiative	,	the	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	(	baac	)	and	techxplattnera	working	groups	,	comprising	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	and	leading	it	solution	provider	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	,	have	joined	forces	to	upgrade	baac	’	s	credit	process	.
the	project	aims	to	modernize	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	management	system	so	that	it	can	support	the	credit	process	in	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	manner	to	increase	the	quality	of	its	credit	services	.
speaking	about	the	collaboration	,	bank	for	agriculture	and	agricultural	cooperatives	senior	executive	vice	president	pongphun	jongrak	said	,	“	baac	is	committed	to	being	a	financial	hub	for	the	agricultural	and	rural	sectors	,	with	the	goal	of	supporting	the	growth	of	the	fundamental	economy	through	a	customer-centric	approach	.
therefore	,	the	loan	processing	system	(	lps	)	development	and	optimization	project	has	been	launched	.
baac	is	excited	to	collaborate	with	leading	partners	to	develop	more	efficient	credit	and	collateral	management	systems	using	digital	technology	,	thereby	supporting	a	comprehensive	and	efficient	credit	process	aimed	at	enhancing	credit	quality	,	mitigating	credit	risk	,	and	expanding	customer	access	to	financial	products	.
the	development	will	also	improve	the	bank	’	s	service	capabilities	,	allowing	it	to	realize	its	objective	of	being	a	sustainable	bank	for	rural	development.	”	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	chief	product	officer	(	cpo	)	pavarej	hwangdee	noted	,	“	as	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	scb	techx	is	committed	to	assisting	businesses	in	creating	a	positive	customer	experience	and	developing	innovations	.
scb	techx	has	amassed	expertise	in	establishing	technology	infrastructure	for	the	country	’	s	largest	commercial	banks	and	plays	a	vital	role	in	propelling	banks	into	the	digital	transformation	age	,	in	addition	to	having	professional	staff	with	in-depth	knowledge	of	complicated	credit	and	back-end	systems	.
through	this	partnership	,	we	have	developed	and	optimized	the	credit	system	to	improve	baac	’	s	credit	and	collateral	services	so	that	they	can	operate	more	efficiently	,	quickly	,	and	precisely	.
scb	techx	is	constantly	striving	to	bring	digital	technology	to	the	development	of	new	services	to	meet	the	needs	of	modern	customers.	”	platt	nera	co.	,	ltd.	executive	director	wison	archadechopon	stated	that	,	“	as	the	country	’	s	preeminent	it	solution	providers	,	platt	nera	is	delighted	to	be	working	with	scb	techx	to	develop	and	optimize	the	credit	system	for	baac	,	which	will	allow	them	to	better	serve	their	customers	.
our	team	,	with	extensive	expertise	and	in-depth	knowledge	of	it	systems	,	along	with	more	than	fifteen	years	of	collaboration	with	baac	,	will	contribute	to	enhancing	service	levels	to	achieve	greater	customer	satisfaction	in	the	digital	age	.
we	are	confident	in	the	potential	of	our	partnership	to	accomplish	its	defined	objectives	and	goals.	”	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…	if	you	want	to	message	us	,	please	give	your	consent	to	scb	techx	to	collect	,	use	,	and/or	disclose	your	personal	data	.
we	have	receive	your	message	and	we	will	get	back	to	you	shortly	.
ไทย	“	scb	techx	,	”	a	fintech	company	formed	as	a	joint	venture	between	scbx	group	and	digital	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	,	recently	collaborated	with	saas	cloud	banking	platform	“	mambu	,	”	consulting	and	digital	transformation	service	experts	“	publicis	sapient	,	”	and	the	world	’	s	most	comprehensive	and	broadly	adopted	cloud	offering	“	amazon	web	services	”	(	aws	)	,	to	organise	a	“	revolutionising	digital	lending	for	thailand	’	s	sustainable	future	economy	”	seminar	.
the	seminar	was	designed	to	educate	and	create	an	understanding	of	digital	lending	among	corporate	executives	and	companies	interested	in	operating	nano	finance	for	microfinance	and	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	,	or	pico	finance	.
the	seminar	raised	awareness	of	the	changing	global	trends	in	digital	and	sustainability	issues	affecting	the	financial	sector	,	with	a	particular	focus	on	digital	lending	,	which	will	provide	opportunities	for	the	development	of	financial	services	.
the	seminar	covered	the	growing	trend	of	digital	credit	demand	,	which	is	likely	to	continue	to	increase	business	opportunities	in	the	face	of	stiff	competition	and	preparing	for	more	open	competition	in	thailand	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	chief	executive	officer	of	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	stated	in	reference	to	the	seminar	,	“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	capabilities	from	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	modern	innovations	to	help	partners	and	organisations	expand	and	create	new	business	.
because	the	microfinance	business	for	underserved	low-income	earners	and	small	businesses	,	such	as	deposits	,	loans	,	and	fund	transfers	has	continued	to	grow	,	it	is	one	of	the	business	segments	on	which	we	focus	.
we	are	keen	on	digital	lending	for	this	group	of	customers	as	they	are	growing	continuously	.
depending	on	the	approved	credit	limit	and	purpose	,	microfinance	in	thailand	can	be	divided	into	three	main	services	:	1	)	nano	finance	,	microfinance	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	2	)	pico	finance	,	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	and	3	)	digital	personal	loans	using	alternative	information	for	credit	approval	with	a	maximum	limit	of	20,000	baht	.
“	according	to	bloomberg	,	the	overall	microfinance	market	in	thailand	is	worth	approximately	200	billion	baht	,	while	at	the	same	time	,	more	than	18	percent	of	thai	people	have	no	access	to	formal	financial	resources	and	therefore	rely	on	informal	loans	,	making	the	informal	loan	market	worth	more	than	1	trillion	baht	.
once	the	covid-19	pandemic	subsides	,	these	numbers	suggest	that	the	nano	loan	and	pico	finance	markets	will	continue	growing	.
therefore	,	scb	techx	sees	opportunities	and	growth	potential	in	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	.
we	are	prepared	to	provide	advice	,	develop	systems	and	platforms	,	and	connect	business	alliances	that	will	help	nano	and	pico	finance	service	providers	meet	the	needs	of	their	clients	,	with	the	goal	of	expanding	thais	’	access	to	legitimate	financial	services	.
we	are	prepared	to	contribute	to	the	sustainability	of	the	economic	and	financial	system	and	the	continued	growth	of	the	nation	,	”	added	mr.	trirat	.
mr.	myles	bertrand	,	managing	director	,	mambu	apac	said	,	“	with	evolving	regulations	,	increasing	demand	,	and	growing	competition	,	agility	is	now	the	key	to	competitiveness	in	apac	’	s	lending	industry	.
thailand	leads	the	region	in	terms	of	sme	lending	–	with	more	than	half	of	all	outstanding	business	loans	being	to	smes	–	with	financial	institutions	needing	to	be	lean	and	fast	,	particularly	around	loan	decisions	and	the	customer	experience	,	all	while	minimising	their	exposure	to	credit	and	compliance	risks	.
composability	is	the	answer	to	thriving	in	this	age	of	change	:	with	cloud-native	platform	like	mambu	,	lenders	have	the	scalability	and	agility	to	introduce	new	features	safely	while	keeping	pace	with	their	customer	expectations.	”	“	with	over	a	third	of	the	adult	population	in	southeast	asia	still	unbanked	or	underbanked	,	thailand	offers	one	of	the	largest	untapped	opportunities	for	the	financial	services	industry	in	the	world	today	.
in	a	recent	qualitative	study	conducted	by	publicis	sapient	in	thailand	,	we	found	that	the	financial	needs	of	individuals	,	families	and	businesses	varied	greatly	as	they	moved	through	various	stages	in	life	and	the	growth	cycle	,	”	said	mrs.	emma	louise	scales	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	managing	director	,	asean	.
“	scb	techx	,	which	we	built	with	scbx	group	last	year	to	create	one	of	the	largest	fintech	entities	in	southeast	asia	,	is	gaining	traction	with	the	launch	of	new	services	,	from	rider	and	health	utility	apps	to	gamified	loan	products	and	travel	services	,	as	a	way	to	rethink	banking	and	engage	consumers	in	new	ways	.
our	portable	,	self-service	platform	offers	banks	and	digital	lenders	the	ability	to	rapidly	develop	and	deploy	secure	compliant	and	data-rich	applications.	”	mr.	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	managing	director	of	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	said	,	“	cloud	is	transforming	the	financial	industry	and	we	are	delighted	to	support	scb	techx	to	drive	innovation	for	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	,	”	said	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	country	manager	,	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	.
“	by	working	with	aws	,	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	will	have	access	to	the	breadth	and	depth	of	more	than	200	fully-featured	aws	cloud	services	,	including	aws	’	s	industry-leading	security	capabilities	and	world-class	global	infrastructure	.
we	look	forward	to	deepen	our	collaborations	with	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	to	drive	financial	inclusion	in	thailand	”	the	event	was	also	honored	by	the	participation	of	high-level	executives	with	expertise	and	experience	in	the	fintech	industry	,	namely	mr.	pham	quang	minh	,	general	manager	of	mambu	in	thailand	and	vietnam	;	mr.	jonathan	sharp	,	chief	technology	officer	of	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	;	ms.	jatupron	pimngern	,	head	of	product	development	&	market	intelligence	of	deemoney	;	mr.	narongrit	intasunta	,	senior	solution	architect	at	aws	;	mr.	luca	durisotto	,	asean	digital	banking	lead	at	aws	;	and	ms.thiranun	arunwattanakul	,	chief	operating	officer	of	monix	co.	,	ltd.	(	monix	)	,	who	shared	their	knowledge	,	perspectives	,	and	experiences	regarding	emerging	opportunities	for	conducting	neobanking	business	in	thailand	and	for	utilizing	technology	and	information	in	the	financial	sector	for	entrepreneurs	interested	in	the	digital	credit	business	.
“	scb	techx	,	”	a	fintech	company	formed	as	a	joint	venture	between	scbx	group	and	digital	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	,	recently	collaborated	with	saas	cloud	banking	platform	“	mambu	,	”	consulting	and	digital	transformation	service	experts	“	publicis	sapient	,	”	and	the	world	’	s	most	comprehensive	and	broadly	adopted	cloud	offering	“	amazon	web	services	”	(	aws	)	,	to	organise	a	“	revolutionising	digital	lending	for	thailand	’	s	sustainable	future	economy	”	seminar	.
the	seminar	was	designed	to	educate	and	create	an	understanding	of	digital	lending	among	corporate	executives	and	companies	interested	in	operating	nano	finance	for	microfinance	and	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	,	or	pico	finance	.
the	seminar	raised	awareness	of	the	changing	global	trends	in	digital	and	sustainability	issues	affecting	the	financial	sector	,	with	a	particular	focus	on	digital	lending	,	which	will	provide	opportunities	for	the	development	of	financial	services	.
the	seminar	covered	the	growing	trend	of	digital	credit	demand	,	which	is	likely	to	continue	to	increase	business	opportunities	in	the	face	of	stiff	competition	and	preparing	for	more	open	competition	in	thailand	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	chief	executive	officer	of	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	stated	in	reference	to	the	seminar	,	“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	capabilities	from	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	modern	innovations	to	help	partners	and	organisations	expand	and	create	new	business	.
because	the	microfinance	business	for	underserved	low-income	earners	and	small	businesses	,	such	as	deposits	,	loans	,	and	fund	transfers	has	continued	to	grow	,	it	is	one	of	the	business	segments	on	which	we	focus	.
we	are	keen	on	digital	lending	for	this	group	of	customers	as	they	are	growing	continuously	.
depending	on	the	approved	credit	limit	and	purpose	,	microfinance	in	thailand	can	be	divided	into	three	main	services	:	1	)	nano	finance	,	microfinance	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	2	)	pico	finance	,	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	and	3	)	digital	personal	loans	using	alternative	information	for	credit	approval	with	a	maximum	limit	of	20,000	baht	.
“	according	to	bloomberg	,	the	overall	microfinance	market	in	thailand	is	worth	approximately	200	billion	baht	,	while	at	the	same	time	,	more	than	18	percent	of	thai	people	have	no	access	to	formal	financial	resources	and	therefore	rely	on	informal	loans	,	making	the	informal	loan	market	worth	more	than	1	trillion	baht	.
once	the	covid-19	pandemic	subsides	,	these	numbers	suggest	that	the	nano	loan	and	pico	finance	markets	will	continue	growing	.
therefore	,	scb	techx	sees	opportunities	and	growth	potential	in	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	.
we	are	prepared	to	provide	advice	,	develop	systems	and	platforms	,	and	connect	business	alliances	that	will	help	nano	and	pico	finance	service	providers	meet	the	needs	of	their	clients	,	with	the	goal	of	expanding	thais	’	access	to	legitimate	financial	services	.
we	are	prepared	to	contribute	to	the	sustainability	of	the	economic	and	financial	system	and	the	continued	growth	of	the	nation	,	”	added	mr.	trirat	.
mr.	myles	bertrand	,	managing	director	,	mambu	apac	said	,	“	with	evolving	regulations	,	increasing	demand	,	and	growing	competition	,	agility	is	now	the	key	to	competitiveness	in	apac	’	s	lending	industry	.
thailand	leads	the	region	in	terms	of	sme	lending	–	with	more	than	half	of	all	outstanding	business	loans	being	to	smes	–	with	financial	institutions	needing	to	be	lean	and	fast	,	particularly	around	loan	decisions	and	the	customer	experience	,	all	while	minimising	their	exposure	to	credit	and	compliance	risks	.
composability	is	the	answer	to	thriving	in	this	age	of	change	:	with	cloud-native	platform	like	mambu	,	lenders	have	the	scalability	and	agility	to	introduce	new	features	safely	while	keeping	pace	with	their	customer	expectations.	”	“	with	over	a	third	of	the	adult	population	in	southeast	asia	still	unbanked	or	underbanked	,	thailand	offers	one	of	the	largest	untapped	opportunities	for	the	financial	services	industry	in	the	world	today	.
in	a	recent	qualitative	study	conducted	by	publicis	sapient	in	thailand	,	we	found	that	the	financial	needs	of	individuals	,	families	and	businesses	varied	greatly	as	they	moved	through	various	stages	in	life	and	the	growth	cycle	,	”	said	mrs.	emma	louise	scales	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	managing	director	,	asean	.
“	scb	techx	,	which	we	built	with	scbx	group	last	year	to	create	one	of	the	largest	fintech	entities	in	southeast	asia	,	is	gaining	traction	with	the	launch	of	new	services	,	from	rider	and	health	utility	apps	to	gamified	loan	products	and	travel	services	,	as	a	way	to	rethink	banking	and	engage	consumers	in	new	ways	.
our	portable	,	self-service	platform	offers	banks	and	digital	lenders	the	ability	to	rapidly	develop	and	deploy	secure	compliant	and	data-rich	applications.	”	mr.	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	managing	director	of	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	said	,	“	cloud	is	transforming	the	financial	industry	and	we	are	delighted	to	support	scb	techx	to	drive	innovation	for	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	,	”	said	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	country	manager	,	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	.
“	by	working	with	aws	,	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	will	have	access	to	the	breadth	and	depth	of	more	than	200	fully-featured	aws	cloud	services	,	including	aws	’	s	industry-leading	security	capabilities	and	world-class	global	infrastructure	.
we	look	forward	to	deepen	our	collaborations	with	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	to	drive	financial	inclusion	in	thailand	”	the	event	was	also	honored	by	the	participation	of	high-level	executives	with	expertise	and	experience	in	the	fintech	industry	,	namely	mr.	pham	quang	minh	,	general	manager	of	mambu	in	thailand	and	vietnam	;	mr.	jonathan	sharp	,	chief	technology	officer	of	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	;	ms.	jatupron	pimngern	,	head	of	product	development	&	market	intelligence	of	deemoney	;	mr.	narongrit	intasunta	,	senior	solution	architect	at	aws	;	mr.	luca	durisotto	,	asean	digital	banking	lead	at	aws	;	and	ms.thiranun	arunwattanakul	,	chief	operating	officer	of	monix	co.	,	ltd.	(	monix	)	,	who	shared	their	knowledge	,	perspectives	,	and	experiences	regarding	emerging	opportunities	for	conducting	neobanking	business	in	thailand	and	for	utilizing	technology	and	information	in	the	financial	sector	for	entrepreneurs	interested	in	the	digital	credit	business	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	card	during	the	7-day	pointx	merry	x	mas	giveaway	campaign	are	as	follows	:	·	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	25,000	pointx	on	top	how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	card	during	the	7-day	pointx	merry	x	mas	giveaway	campaign	are	as	follows	:	·	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	25,000	pointx	on	top	how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	introduced	pointx	,	the	latest	platform	development	.
it	is	a	new	world	that	lets	reward	point	collectors	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	for	purchases	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	get	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	via	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	bonus	rates	every	day	.
the	pointx	application	is	starting	pilot	services	for	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	before	rolling	out	to	scb	’	s	other	customer	segments	and	other	business	partners	in	the	future	.
scb	techx	expects	some	300,000	downloads	of	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	2022.	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	scb	techx	is	developing	new	capabilities	in	advanced	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	innovation	to	add	value	and	develop	new	business	models	for	business	partners	and	corporations	as	well	as	scbx	companies	.
pointx	is	our	latest	platform	development	addressing	a	major	pain	point	among	reward	point	collectors	,	that	is	,	their	reward	points	are	scattered	across	different	platforms	.
with	a	development	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
in	the	first	phase	,	we	have	joined	hands	with	scb	to	offer	pilot	services	to	scb	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	as	the	first	group	to	try	this	new	experience	,	before	rolling	out	to	other	scb	customer	segments	.
we	also	welcome	business	partners	interested	in	the	platform	and	who	see	the	benefits	of	adding	business	value	and	developing	an	ecosystem	to	promote	and	drive	a	new	world	of	using	reward	points	like	cash	.
we	expect	to	see	some	300,000	customers	downloading	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	this	year.	”	speaking	about	the	new	application	,	scb	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	wealth	banking	officer	mr.	yunyong	thaicharoen	noted	that	,	“	scb	is	continuously	offering	new	financial	experiences	in	response	to	our	customers	’	changing	lifestyles	in	a	new	world	context	.
according	to	a	joint	study	of	scb	cardholders	conducted	by	scb	and	scb	techx	,	most	scb	cardholders	holding	reward	points	are	in	the	scb	wealth	segment	and	enjoy	higher	purchasing	power	.
more	specifically	,	there	are	two	main	groups	.
the	first	group	contains	scb	cardholders	having	between	5,000	–	50,000	reward	points	.
they	usually	redeem	reward	points	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	,	obtaining	discounts	,	and	for	wealth	investment	.
the	second	group	is	composed	of	those	having	between	50,000	–	500,000	reward	points	.
they	redeem	reward	points	at	a	higher	rate	than	other	groups	,	mostly	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	and	travel	deals	.
these	two	groups	account	for	some	60	%	of	scb	credit	cardholders	in	reward	point	programs	.
we	do	hope	that	this	partnership	will	unlock	scb	wealth	credit	cardholders	’	ability	including	scb	private	banking	,	scb	first	and	scb	prime	to	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	and	enjoy	even	more	daily	spending.	”	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	pay	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	enjoy	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	at	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	extra	rates	every	day	.
scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	introduced	pointx	,	the	latest	platform	development	.
it	is	a	new	world	that	lets	reward	point	collectors	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	for	purchases	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	get	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	via	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	bonus	rates	every	day	.
the	pointx	application	is	starting	pilot	services	for	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	before	rolling	out	to	scb	’	s	other	customer	segments	and	other	business	partners	in	the	future	.
scb	techx	expects	some	300,000	downloads	of	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	2022.	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	scb	techx	is	developing	new	capabilities	in	advanced	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	innovation	to	add	value	and	develop	new	business	models	for	business	partners	and	corporations	as	well	as	scbx	companies	.
pointx	is	our	latest	platform	development	addressing	a	major	pain	point	among	reward	point	collectors	,	that	is	,	their	reward	points	are	scattered	across	different	platforms	.
with	a	development	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
in	the	first	phase	,	we	have	joined	hands	with	scb	to	offer	pilot	services	to	scb	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	as	the	first	group	to	try	this	new	experience	,	before	rolling	out	to	other	scb	customer	segments	.
we	also	welcome	business	partners	interested	in	the	platform	and	who	see	the	benefits	of	adding	business	value	and	developing	an	ecosystem	to	promote	and	drive	a	new	world	of	using	reward	points	like	cash	.
we	expect	to	see	some	300,000	customers	downloading	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	this	year.	”	speaking	about	the	new	application	,	scb	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	wealth	banking	officer	mr.	yunyong	thaicharoen	noted	that	,	“	scb	is	continuously	offering	new	financial	experiences	in	response	to	our	customers	’	changing	lifestyles	in	a	new	world	context	.
according	to	a	joint	study	of	scb	cardholders	conducted	by	scb	and	scb	techx	,	most	scb	cardholders	holding	reward	points	are	in	the	scb	wealth	segment	and	enjoy	higher	purchasing	power	.
more	specifically	,	there	are	two	main	groups	.
the	first	group	contains	scb	cardholders	having	between	5,000	–	50,000	reward	points	.
they	usually	redeem	reward	points	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	,	obtaining	discounts	,	and	for	wealth	investment	.
the	second	group	is	composed	of	those	having	between	50,000	–	500,000	reward	points	.
they	redeem	reward	points	at	a	higher	rate	than	other	groups	,	mostly	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	and	travel	deals	.
these	two	groups	account	for	some	60	%	of	scb	credit	cardholders	in	reward	point	programs	.
we	do	hope	that	this	partnership	will	unlock	scb	wealth	credit	cardholders	’	ability	including	scb	private	banking	,	scb	first	and	scb	prime	to	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	and	enjoy	even	more	daily	spending.	”	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	pay	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	enjoy	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	at	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	extra	rates	every	day	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	introduction	of	pointx	,	an	app	that	consolidates	all	spending	reward	points	in	one	wallet	,	is	revolutionizing	user	experiences	and	allowing	for	the	infinite	accumulation	of	reward	points	that	can	be	spent	as	easily	as	cash	.
scb	techx	,	a	subsidiary	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	recently	partnered	with	thailand	’	s	premier	shopping	operator	,	the	mall	group	,	to	enrich	shopping	experiences	and	open	up	new	alternatives	for	earning	and	redeeming	points	.
the	partners	are	launching	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	as	a	means	of	payment	in	lieu	of	cash	when	purchasing	goods	and	services	across	the	entire	department	stores	.
the	campaign	’	s	goal	is	to	bring	a	fresh	shopping	experience	to	everyone	.
special	!
with	the	“	weekend	special	,	”	customers	can	get	100	baht	when	redeeming	800	pointx	rewards	on	saturdays	and	sundays	between	september	24	and	november	20	,	2022	,	and	with	the	“	month-end	special	,	”	customers	can	earn	200	baht	when	redeeming	1,000	pointx	rewards	on	at	the	end	of	every	month	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	speaking	about	the	new	partnership	,	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	when	it	comes	to	supporting	and	addressing	the	needs	of	consumers	in	the	digital	age	,	scb	techx	is	dedicated	to	delivering	technological	capabilities	and	cutting-edge	innovations	to	establish	new	platforms	.
therefore	,	we	have	set	out	to	create	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	consolidates	all	of	your	reward	points	into	a	single	digital	wallet	.
with	the	new	platform	,	reward	points	will	have	a	whole	new	spectrum	of	applicability	beyond	the	traditional	exchange	of	rewards	.
recently	,	we	formed	a	strategic	partnership	with	“	the	mall	group	”	to	develop	a	novel	direction	in	retail	by	providing	a	heightened	shopping	experience	.
together	,	we	will	be	launching	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	that	allows	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	at	discounted	rates	and	pay	with	a	scan	of	their	wallet	instead	of	cash	at	any	store	in	the	mall	group	’	s	retail	chain	.
through	this	partnership	,	the	mall	group	and	scb	techx	will	be	able	to	combine	and	leverage	their	respective	strengths	in	digital	technology	and	retail	leadership	on	a	national	scale	to	provide	customers	with	a	novel	shopping	experience	that	caters	to	their	needs	in	every	way.	”	the	mall	group	digital	retail	and	strategic	alliance	senior	vice	president	natee	srirasmee	said	,	“	the	mall	group	continues	to	build	a	new	level	of	seamless	shopping	to	fulfill	all	lifestyles	of	customers	across	all	generations	through	its	connections	with	strong	partners	in	a	variety	of	ecosystems	.
we	focus	on	providing	the	finest	customer	experience	and	customer	journey	at	every	stage	of	their	interaction	with	our	company	.
towards	this	end	,	the	mall	group	has	partnered	with	“	scb	techx	”	to	introduce	the	“	pointx	”	app	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	points	to	scan	and	pay	for	goods	and	services	without	needing	cash	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	,	which	includes	the	mall	,	the	mall	life	store	,	emporium	,	emquartier	,	and	paragon	department	store	.
to	offer	our	customers	the	greatest	possible	shopping	experience	,	we	are	always	looking	for	ways	to	improve	our	retail	operations	,	both	in	terms	of	products	and	services	.
steps	to	redeem	point	x	rewards	for	scanning	at	checkout	:	those	interested	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	to	experience	a	new	way	to	redeem	reward	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	at	:	the	introduction	of	pointx	,	an	app	that	consolidates	all	spending	reward	points	in	one	wallet	,	is	revolutionizing	user	experiences	and	allowing	for	the	infinite	accumulation	of	reward	points	that	can	be	spent	as	easily	as	cash	.
scb	techx	,	a	subsidiary	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	recently	partnered	with	thailand	’	s	premier	shopping	operator	,	the	mall	group	,	to	enrich	shopping	experiences	and	open	up	new	alternatives	for	earning	and	redeeming	points	.
the	partners	are	launching	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	as	a	means	of	payment	in	lieu	of	cash	when	purchasing	goods	and	services	across	the	entire	department	stores	.
the	campaign	’	s	goal	is	to	bring	a	fresh	shopping	experience	to	everyone	.
special	!
with	the	“	weekend	special	,	”	customers	can	get	100	baht	when	redeeming	800	pointx	rewards	on	saturdays	and	sundays	between	september	24	and	november	20	,	2022	,	and	with	the	“	month-end	special	,	”	customers	can	earn	200	baht	when	redeeming	1,000	pointx	rewards	on	at	the	end	of	every	month	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	speaking	about	the	new	partnership	,	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	when	it	comes	to	supporting	and	addressing	the	needs	of	consumers	in	the	digital	age	,	scb	techx	is	dedicated	to	delivering	technological	capabilities	and	cutting-edge	innovations	to	establish	new	platforms	.
therefore	,	we	have	set	out	to	create	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	consolidates	all	of	your	reward	points	into	a	single	digital	wallet	.
with	the	new	platform	,	reward	points	will	have	a	whole	new	spectrum	of	applicability	beyond	the	traditional	exchange	of	rewards	.
recently	,	we	formed	a	strategic	partnership	with	“	the	mall	group	”	to	develop	a	novel	direction	in	retail	by	providing	a	heightened	shopping	experience	.
together	,	we	will	be	launching	“	scan	&	pay	”	campaign	that	allows	customers	to	use	their	pointx	rewards	at	discounted	rates	and	pay	with	a	scan	of	their	wallet	instead	of	cash	at	any	store	in	the	mall	group	’	s	retail	chain	.
through	this	partnership	,	the	mall	group	and	scb	techx	will	be	able	to	combine	and	leverage	their	respective	strengths	in	digital	technology	and	retail	leadership	on	a	national	scale	to	provide	customers	with	a	novel	shopping	experience	that	caters	to	their	needs	in	every	way.	”	the	mall	group	digital	retail	and	strategic	alliance	senior	vice	president	natee	srirasmee	said	,	“	the	mall	group	continues	to	build	a	new	level	of	seamless	shopping	to	fulfill	all	lifestyles	of	customers	across	all	generations	through	its	connections	with	strong	partners	in	a	variety	of	ecosystems	.
we	focus	on	providing	the	finest	customer	experience	and	customer	journey	at	every	stage	of	their	interaction	with	our	company	.
towards	this	end	,	the	mall	group	has	partnered	with	“	scb	techx	”	to	introduce	the	“	pointx	”	app	,	allowing	customers	to	use	their	points	to	scan	and	pay	for	goods	and	services	without	needing	cash	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	,	which	includes	the	mall	,	the	mall	life	store	,	emporium	,	emquartier	,	and	paragon	department	store	.
to	offer	our	customers	the	greatest	possible	shopping	experience	,	we	are	always	looking	for	ways	to	improve	our	retail	operations	,	both	in	terms	of	products	and	services	.
steps	to	redeem	point	x	rewards	for	scanning	at	checkout	:	those	interested	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	to	experience	a	new	way	to	redeem	reward	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	#	buygoldwithpointx	to	gain	more	and	more	”	is	the	latest	promotional	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	11,000	pointx	in	points	back	from	double	deals	when	buying	gold	and	using	points	in	place	of	cash	and	paying	via	qr	code	(	scan	&	pay	)	at	any	of	the	following	gold	shops	:	aurora	,	mts	gold	,	yaowarat	krungthep	,	and	ylg	bullion	between	12	february	2023	–	12	may	2023.	pointx	deal	#	1	:	customers	will	receive	1,000	pointx	for	every	10,000	pointx	spent	.
the	deal	is	limited	to	3,000	pointx/customer/month	and	up	to	9,000	pointx	in	total	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	and	a	total	of	100	offers/month.	<	br	>	pointx	deal	#	2	:	accumulated	spending	of	100,000	pointx	and	above	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	will	entitle	users	to	receive	2,000	pointx.the	promotion	period	runs	as	follows	:	month	1	:	12	february	2023	–	12	march	2023	,	month	2	:	13	march	2023	–	12	april	2023	,	month	3	:	13	april	2023	–	12	may	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	spending	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/gold-campaign/	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	#	buygoldwithpointx	to	gain	more	and	more	”	is	the	latest	promotional	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	11,000	pointx	in	points	back	from	double	deals	when	buying	gold	and	using	points	in	place	of	cash	and	paying	via	qr	code	(	scan	&	pay	)	at	any	of	the	following	gold	shops	:	aurora	,	mts	gold	,	yaowarat	krungthep	,	and	ylg	bullion	between	12	february	2023	–	12	may	2023.	pointx	deal	#	1	:	customers	will	receive	1,000	pointx	for	every	10,000	pointx	spent	.
the	deal	is	limited	to	3,000	pointx/customer/month	and	up	to	9,000	pointx	in	total	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	and	a	total	of	100	offers/month.	<	br	>	pointx	deal	#	2	:	accumulated	spending	of	100,000	pointx	and	above	at	all	participating	gold	shops	throughout	the	promotion	period	will	entitle	users	to	receive	2,000	pointx.the	promotion	period	runs	as	follows	:	month	1	:	12	february	2023	–	12	march	2023	,	month	2	:	13	march	2023	–	12	april	2023	,	month	3	:	13	april	2023	–	12	may	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	spending	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/gold-campaign/	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
as	a	thank	you	to	a	warm	response	from	users	,	pointx	is	now	offering	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	promotion	campaign	for	customers	to	celebrate	the	festive	season	and	enjoy	month-end	shopping	with	points	at	a	special	month-end	redemption	rate	of	1,000	pointx	for	200	baht	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
as	a	thank	you	to	a	warm	response	from	users	,	pointx	is	now	offering	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	promotion	campaign	for	customers	to	celebrate	the	festive	season	and	enjoy	month-end	shopping	with	points	at	a	special	month-end	redemption	rate	of	1,000	pointx	for	200	baht	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	online	shopping	fans	will	be	overjoyed	to	learn	that	pointx	,	a	new	unified	platform	developed	by	digital-focused	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	,	will	be	launching	the	biggest	surprise	campaign	of	the	year	in	celebration	of	the	highly	anticipated	11.11	shopping	day	.
shoppers	can	use	pointx	instead	of	cash	on	major	e-commerce	sites	like	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
pointx	points	can	be	redeemed	at	a	special	rate	of	5	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	on	11	november	2022	,	or	at	a	rate	of	9	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	from	9	through	10	november	and	from	12	through	13	november	2022.	shoppers	looking	for	a	one-stop-shop	that	has	everything	they	could	possibly	want	can	find	it	at	x	store	,	where	they	can	take	advantage	of	exciting	sales	and	discounts	on	products	from	a	wide	range	of	categories	and	well-known	brands	.
from	9	–	13	november	2022	,	customers	can	shop	online	with	a	discount	of	up	to	50	%	at	the	“	x	store	”	on	the	platform	and	pay	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	.
to	learn	more	,	visit	www.pointx.scb	or	call	the	scb	call	center	at	(	02	)	777-7777.	instructions	on	how	to	use	pointx	in	place	of	cash	at	the	x	store	those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	online	shopping	fans	will	be	overjoyed	to	learn	that	pointx	,	a	new	unified	platform	developed	by	digital-focused	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	,	will	be	launching	the	biggest	surprise	campaign	of	the	year	in	celebration	of	the	highly	anticipated	11.11	shopping	day	.
shoppers	can	use	pointx	instead	of	cash	on	major	e-commerce	sites	like	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
pointx	points	can	be	redeemed	at	a	special	rate	of	5	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	on	11	november	2022	,	or	at	a	rate	of	9	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	from	9	through	10	november	and	from	12	through	13	november	2022.	shoppers	looking	for	a	one-stop-shop	that	has	everything	they	could	possibly	want	can	find	it	at	x	store	,	where	they	can	take	advantage	of	exciting	sales	and	discounts	on	products	from	a	wide	range	of	categories	and	well-known	brands	.
from	9	–	13	november	2022	,	customers	can	shop	online	with	a	discount	of	up	to	50	%	at	the	“	x	store	”	on	the	platform	and	pay	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	.
to	learn	more	,	visit	www.pointx.scb	or	call	the	scb	call	center	at	(	02	)	777-7777.	instructions	on	how	to	use	pointx	in	place	of	cash	at	the	x	store	those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	•	shoppers	can	take	advantage	of	tax	deductions	of	up	to	40,000.	as	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	has	arrived	,	shoppers	with	unredeemed	credit	card	points	are	now	getting	ready	for	non-stop	fun	shopping	for	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	2023	with	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	combines	all	accumulated	credit	card	points	in	one	place	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	has	transformed	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
from	january	15	to	february	15	,	2023	,	pointx	is	launching	its	latest	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	”	campaign	,	allowing	shoppers	to	use	pointx	to	pay	instead	of	cash	when	purchasing	products	at	three	famous	online	shopping	applications	,	namely	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
during	the	campaign	period	,	the	first	700	eligible	shoppers	using	pointx	can	earn	up	to	4,000	rebate	points	and	claim	tax	deductions	from	the	government	’	s	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	2023	”	tax	rebate	scheme	(	tax	refunds	are	provided	according	to	the	actual	income	tax	rate	and	with	conditions	as	specified	by	the	government	)	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/shop-dee-mee-kuen-2023	details	on	earning	pointx	rebate	when	spending	with	pointx•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	5	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	10	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	20,000	pointx	/order	,	earn	20	%	pointx	rebate	.
how	to	use	pointx	for	cash	at	jd	central	,	lazada	and	shopee1	.
transfer	points	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	cards	to	the	pointx	application	to	start	shopping	.
2.	make	your	purchases	at	jd	central	,	lazada	,	or	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	“	mobile	banking	”	–	select	the	“	scb	easy	app	/	siam	commercial	bank	”	3	.
make	your	purchases	at	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	qr	promptpay	–	save	the	qr	code	image	to	your	mobile	phone.–	open	the	pointx	app	,	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	and	select	the	qr	code	image	saved	on	your	mobile	phone.4	.
go	to	“	pay	with	points	”	and	choose	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	.
5.	confirm	your	payment	and	wait	for	your	products	to	arrive	at	your	door	!
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	shoppers	can	take	advantage	of	tax	deductions	of	up	to	40,000.	as	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	has	arrived	,	shoppers	with	unredeemed	credit	card	points	are	now	getting	ready	for	non-stop	fun	shopping	for	the	year	of	the	golden	rabbit	2023	with	“	pointx	,	”	a	platform	that	combines	all	accumulated	credit	card	points	in	one	place	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	has	transformed	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
from	january	15	to	february	15	,	2023	,	pointx	is	launching	its	latest	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	”	campaign	,	allowing	shoppers	to	use	pointx	to	pay	instead	of	cash	when	purchasing	products	at	three	famous	online	shopping	applications	,	namely	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
during	the	campaign	period	,	the	first	700	eligible	shoppers	using	pointx	can	earn	up	to	4,000	rebate	points	and	claim	tax	deductions	from	the	government	’	s	“	shop	dee	mee	kuen	2023	”	tax	rebate	scheme	(	tax	refunds	are	provided	according	to	the	actual	income	tax	rate	and	with	conditions	as	specified	by	the	government	)	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/shop-dee-mee-kuen-2023	details	on	earning	pointx	rebate	when	spending	with	pointx•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	5	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx	/order	,	earn	10	%	pointx	rebate.•	pay	with	20,000	pointx	/order	,	earn	20	%	pointx	rebate	.
how	to	use	pointx	for	cash	at	jd	central	,	lazada	and	shopee1	.
transfer	points	from	scb	and	cardx	credit	cards	to	the	pointx	application	to	start	shopping	.
2.	make	your	purchases	at	jd	central	,	lazada	,	or	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	“	mobile	banking	”	–	select	the	“	scb	easy	app	/	siam	commercial	bank	”	3	.
make	your	purchases	at	shopee	app	–	select	the	payment	method	with	qr	promptpay	–	save	the	qr	code	image	to	your	mobile	phone.–	open	the	pointx	app	,	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	and	select	the	qr	code	image	saved	on	your	mobile	phone.4	.
go	to	“	pay	with	points	”	and	choose	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	.
5.	confirm	your	payment	and	wait	for	your	products	to	arrive	at	your	door	!
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	“	scb	techx	,	”	a	fintech	company	formed	as	a	joint	venture	between	scbx	group	and	digital	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	,	recently	collaborated	with	saas	cloud	banking	platform	“	mambu	,	”	consulting	and	digital	transformation	service	experts	“	publicis	sapient	,	”	and	the	world	’	s	most	comprehensive	and	broadly	adopted	cloud	offering	“	amazon	web	services	”	(	aws	)	,	to	organise	a	“	revolutionising	digital	lending	for	thailand	’	s	sustainable	future	economy	”	seminar	.
the	seminar	was	designed	to	educate	and	create	an	understanding	of	digital	lending	among	corporate	executives	and	companies	interested	in	operating	nano	finance	for	microfinance	and	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	,	or	pico	finance	.
the	seminar	raised	awareness	of	the	changing	global	trends	in	digital	and	sustainability	issues	affecting	the	financial	sector	,	with	a	particular	focus	on	digital	lending	,	which	will	provide	opportunities	for	the	development	of	financial	services	.
the	seminar	covered	the	growing	trend	of	digital	credit	demand	,	which	is	likely	to	continue	to	increase	business	opportunities	in	the	face	of	stiff	competition	and	preparing	for	more	open	competition	in	thailand	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	chief	executive	officer	of	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	stated	in	reference	to	the	seminar	,	“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	capabilities	from	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	modern	innovations	to	help	partners	and	organisations	expand	and	create	new	business	.
because	the	microfinance	business	for	underserved	low-income	earners	and	small	businesses	,	such	as	deposits	,	loans	,	and	fund	transfers	has	continued	to	grow	,	it	is	one	of	the	business	segments	on	which	we	focus	.
we	are	keen	on	digital	lending	for	this	group	of	customers	as	they	are	growing	continuously	.
depending	on	the	approved	credit	limit	and	purpose	,	microfinance	in	thailand	can	be	divided	into	three	main	services	:	1	)	nano	finance	,	microfinance	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	2	)	pico	finance	,	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	and	3	)	digital	personal	loans	using	alternative	information	for	credit	approval	with	a	maximum	limit	of	20,000	baht	.
“	according	to	bloomberg	,	the	overall	microfinance	market	in	thailand	is	worth	approximately	200	billion	baht	,	while	at	the	same	time	,	more	than	18	percent	of	thai	people	have	no	access	to	formal	financial	resources	and	therefore	rely	on	informal	loans	,	making	the	informal	loan	market	worth	more	than	1	trillion	baht	.
once	the	covid-19	pandemic	subsides	,	these	numbers	suggest	that	the	nano	loan	and	pico	finance	markets	will	continue	growing	.
therefore	,	scb	techx	sees	opportunities	and	growth	potential	in	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	.
we	are	prepared	to	provide	advice	,	develop	systems	and	platforms	,	and	connect	business	alliances	that	will	help	nano	and	pico	finance	service	providers	meet	the	needs	of	their	clients	,	with	the	goal	of	expanding	thais	’	access	to	legitimate	financial	services	.
we	are	prepared	to	contribute	to	the	sustainability	of	the	economic	and	financial	system	and	the	continued	growth	of	the	nation	,	”	added	mr.	trirat	.
mr.	myles	bertrand	,	managing	director	,	mambu	apac	said	,	“	with	evolving	regulations	,	increasing	demand	,	and	growing	competition	,	agility	is	now	the	key	to	competitiveness	in	apac	’	s	lending	industry	.
thailand	leads	the	region	in	terms	of	sme	lending	–	with	more	than	half	of	all	outstanding	business	loans	being	to	smes	–	with	financial	institutions	needing	to	be	lean	and	fast	,	particularly	around	loan	decisions	and	the	customer	experience	,	all	while	minimising	their	exposure	to	credit	and	compliance	risks	.
composability	is	the	answer	to	thriving	in	this	age	of	change	:	with	cloud-native	platform	like	mambu	,	lenders	have	the	scalability	and	agility	to	introduce	new	features	safely	while	keeping	pace	with	their	customer	expectations.	”	“	with	over	a	third	of	the	adult	population	in	southeast	asia	still	unbanked	or	underbanked	,	thailand	offers	one	of	the	largest	untapped	opportunities	for	the	financial	services	industry	in	the	world	today	.
in	a	recent	qualitative	study	conducted	by	publicis	sapient	in	thailand	,	we	found	that	the	financial	needs	of	individuals	,	families	and	businesses	varied	greatly	as	they	moved	through	various	stages	in	life	and	the	growth	cycle	,	”	said	mrs.	emma	louise	scales	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	managing	director	,	asean	.
“	scb	techx	,	which	we	built	with	scbx	group	last	year	to	create	one	of	the	largest	fintech	entities	in	southeast	asia	,	is	gaining	traction	with	the	launch	of	new	services	,	from	rider	and	health	utility	apps	to	gamified	loan	products	and	travel	services	,	as	a	way	to	rethink	banking	and	engage	consumers	in	new	ways	.
our	portable	,	self-service	platform	offers	banks	and	digital	lenders	the	ability	to	rapidly	develop	and	deploy	secure	compliant	and	data-rich	applications.	”	mr.	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	managing	director	of	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	said	,	“	cloud	is	transforming	the	financial	industry	and	we	are	delighted	to	support	scb	techx	to	drive	innovation	for	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	,	”	said	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	country	manager	,	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	.
“	by	working	with	aws	,	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	will	have	access	to	the	breadth	and	depth	of	more	than	200	fully-featured	aws	cloud	services	,	including	aws	’	s	industry-leading	security	capabilities	and	world-class	global	infrastructure	.
we	look	forward	to	deepen	our	collaborations	with	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	to	drive	financial	inclusion	in	thailand	”	the	event	was	also	honored	by	the	participation	of	high-level	executives	with	expertise	and	experience	in	the	fintech	industry	,	namely	mr.	pham	quang	minh	,	general	manager	of	mambu	in	thailand	and	vietnam	;	mr.	jonathan	sharp	,	chief	technology	officer	of	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	;	ms.	jatupron	pimngern	,	head	of	product	development	&	market	intelligence	of	deemoney	;	mr.	narongrit	intasunta	,	senior	solution	architect	at	aws	;	mr.	luca	durisotto	,	asean	digital	banking	lead	at	aws	;	and	ms.thiranun	arunwattanakul	,	chief	operating	officer	of	monix	co.	,	ltd.	(	monix	)	,	who	shared	their	knowledge	,	perspectives	,	and	experiences	regarding	emerging	opportunities	for	conducting	neobanking	business	in	thailand	and	for	utilizing	technology	and	information	in	the	financial	sector	for	entrepreneurs	interested	in	the	digital	credit	business	.
“	scb	techx	,	”	a	fintech	company	formed	as	a	joint	venture	between	scbx	group	and	digital	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	,	recently	collaborated	with	saas	cloud	banking	platform	“	mambu	,	”	consulting	and	digital	transformation	service	experts	“	publicis	sapient	,	”	and	the	world	’	s	most	comprehensive	and	broadly	adopted	cloud	offering	“	amazon	web	services	”	(	aws	)	,	to	organise	a	“	revolutionising	digital	lending	for	thailand	’	s	sustainable	future	economy	”	seminar	.
the	seminar	was	designed	to	educate	and	create	an	understanding	of	digital	lending	among	corporate	executives	and	companies	interested	in	operating	nano	finance	for	microfinance	and	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	,	or	pico	finance	.
the	seminar	raised	awareness	of	the	changing	global	trends	in	digital	and	sustainability	issues	affecting	the	financial	sector	,	with	a	particular	focus	on	digital	lending	,	which	will	provide	opportunities	for	the	development	of	financial	services	.
the	seminar	covered	the	growing	trend	of	digital	credit	demand	,	which	is	likely	to	continue	to	increase	business	opportunities	in	the	face	of	stiff	competition	and	preparing	for	more	open	competition	in	thailand	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	chief	executive	officer	of	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	stated	in	reference	to	the	seminar	,	“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	capabilities	from	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	modern	innovations	to	help	partners	and	organisations	expand	and	create	new	business	.
because	the	microfinance	business	for	underserved	low-income	earners	and	small	businesses	,	such	as	deposits	,	loans	,	and	fund	transfers	has	continued	to	grow	,	it	is	one	of	the	business	segments	on	which	we	focus	.
we	are	keen	on	digital	lending	for	this	group	of	customers	as	they	are	growing	continuously	.
depending	on	the	approved	credit	limit	and	purpose	,	microfinance	in	thailand	can	be	divided	into	three	main	services	:	1	)	nano	finance	,	microfinance	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	2	)	pico	finance	,	regulated	small	loans	offered	to	individuals	by	provincial	financial	institutions	with	a	maximum	limit	of	100,000	baht	;	and	3	)	digital	personal	loans	using	alternative	information	for	credit	approval	with	a	maximum	limit	of	20,000	baht	.
“	according	to	bloomberg	,	the	overall	microfinance	market	in	thailand	is	worth	approximately	200	billion	baht	,	while	at	the	same	time	,	more	than	18	percent	of	thai	people	have	no	access	to	formal	financial	resources	and	therefore	rely	on	informal	loans	,	making	the	informal	loan	market	worth	more	than	1	trillion	baht	.
once	the	covid-19	pandemic	subsides	,	these	numbers	suggest	that	the	nano	loan	and	pico	finance	markets	will	continue	growing	.
therefore	,	scb	techx	sees	opportunities	and	growth	potential	in	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	.
we	are	prepared	to	provide	advice	,	develop	systems	and	platforms	,	and	connect	business	alliances	that	will	help	nano	and	pico	finance	service	providers	meet	the	needs	of	their	clients	,	with	the	goal	of	expanding	thais	’	access	to	legitimate	financial	services	.
we	are	prepared	to	contribute	to	the	sustainability	of	the	economic	and	financial	system	and	the	continued	growth	of	the	nation	,	”	added	mr.	trirat	.
mr.	myles	bertrand	,	managing	director	,	mambu	apac	said	,	“	with	evolving	regulations	,	increasing	demand	,	and	growing	competition	,	agility	is	now	the	key	to	competitiveness	in	apac	’	s	lending	industry	.
thailand	leads	the	region	in	terms	of	sme	lending	–	with	more	than	half	of	all	outstanding	business	loans	being	to	smes	–	with	financial	institutions	needing	to	be	lean	and	fast	,	particularly	around	loan	decisions	and	the	customer	experience	,	all	while	minimising	their	exposure	to	credit	and	compliance	risks	.
composability	is	the	answer	to	thriving	in	this	age	of	change	:	with	cloud-native	platform	like	mambu	,	lenders	have	the	scalability	and	agility	to	introduce	new	features	safely	while	keeping	pace	with	their	customer	expectations.	”	“	with	over	a	third	of	the	adult	population	in	southeast	asia	still	unbanked	or	underbanked	,	thailand	offers	one	of	the	largest	untapped	opportunities	for	the	financial	services	industry	in	the	world	today	.
in	a	recent	qualitative	study	conducted	by	publicis	sapient	in	thailand	,	we	found	that	the	financial	needs	of	individuals	,	families	and	businesses	varied	greatly	as	they	moved	through	various	stages	in	life	and	the	growth	cycle	,	”	said	mrs.	emma	louise	scales	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	managing	director	,	asean	.
“	scb	techx	,	which	we	built	with	scbx	group	last	year	to	create	one	of	the	largest	fintech	entities	in	southeast	asia	,	is	gaining	traction	with	the	launch	of	new	services	,	from	rider	and	health	utility	apps	to	gamified	loan	products	and	travel	services	,	as	a	way	to	rethink	banking	and	engage	consumers	in	new	ways	.
our	portable	,	self-service	platform	offers	banks	and	digital	lenders	the	ability	to	rapidly	develop	and	deploy	secure	compliant	and	data-rich	applications.	”	mr.	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	managing	director	of	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	said	,	“	cloud	is	transforming	the	financial	industry	and	we	are	delighted	to	support	scb	techx	to	drive	innovation	for	thailand	’	s	digital	lending	market	,	”	said	vatsun	thirapatarapong	,	country	manager	,	amazon	web	services	(	thailand	)	.
“	by	working	with	aws	,	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	will	have	access	to	the	breadth	and	depth	of	more	than	200	fully-featured	aws	cloud	services	,	including	aws	’	s	industry-leading	security	capabilities	and	world-class	global	infrastructure	.
we	look	forward	to	deepen	our	collaborations	with	scb	techx	,	publicis	sapient	and	mambu	to	drive	financial	inclusion	in	thailand	”	the	event	was	also	honored	by	the	participation	of	high-level	executives	with	expertise	and	experience	in	the	fintech	industry	,	namely	mr.	pham	quang	minh	,	general	manager	of	mambu	in	thailand	and	vietnam	;	mr.	jonathan	sharp	,	chief	technology	officer	of	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	;	ms.	jatupron	pimngern	,	head	of	product	development	&	market	intelligence	of	deemoney	;	mr.	narongrit	intasunta	,	senior	solution	architect	at	aws	;	mr.	luca	durisotto	,	asean	digital	banking	lead	at	aws	;	and	ms.thiranun	arunwattanakul	,	chief	operating	officer	of	monix	co.	,	ltd.	(	monix	)	,	who	shared	their	knowledge	,	perspectives	,	and	experiences	regarding	emerging	opportunities	for	conducting	neobanking	business	in	thailand	and	for	utilizing	technology	and	information	in	the	financial	sector	for	entrepreneurs	interested	in	the	digital	credit	business	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	released	a	unified	platform	called	“	pointx	”	to	revolutionize	the	way	reward	points	are	earned	and	redeemed	.
with	the	introduction	of	its	online	“	x	store	,	”	the	company	hopes	to	attract	customers	who	have	credit	card	reward	points	that	they	have	not	yet	redeemed	by	offering	the	best	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	at	discounted	prices	from	well-known	brands	.
the	app	lets	customers	use	their	points	for	flash	deals	and	other	special	priced	items	.
further	,	every	month	the	app	will	highlight	fantastic	“	x	deals	,	”	and	this	october	the	app	will	debut	a	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	to	celebrate	the	halloween	season	.
no	tricks	,	just	treats	!
save	up	to	60	%	on	participating	deals	at	x	store	when	using	pointx	to	make	purchase	in	place	of	cash	during	26-31	october	2022.	keen	shoppers	,	treat	yourselves	to	this	halloween	sale	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	“	pointx	’	s	origins	can	be	traced	back	to	an	initiative	to	address	prevalent	issues	with	utilizing	credit	card	reward	points	,	which	are	kept	in	several	locations	.
that	’	s	why	we	built	the	pointx	app	,	where	users	can	pool	all	of	their	points	into	a	single	account	.
it	’	s	an	innovative	system	for	collecting	and	spending	points	.
we	have	also	selected	and	assembled	exceptional	discounts	on	the	“	x	store	,	”	which	will	feature	great	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	of	well-known	brands	across	both	budget	and	high-end	retail	outlets	.
earned	points	are	easily	used	for	flash	specials	and	other	limited-time	discounts	.
what	’	s	more	,	each	month	pointx	will	feature	exclusive	discounts	designed	to	encourage	customers	to	use	their	points	.
in	celebration	of	the	upcoming	halloween	holiday	,	we	have	introduced	a	new	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	that	will	give	customers	a	discount	of	up	to	60	%	when	they	use	pointx	to	make	purchases	at	x	store	on	the	platform	between	26	and	31	october	.
it	is	our	intention	that	this	campaign	will	provide	the	new	generation	with	yet	another	convenient	alternative	to	spending	cash	by	giving	them	the	opportunity	to	use	points	instead	of	cash	in	any	situation	.
a	variety	of	new	offerings	from	the	company	are	in	the	works	.
those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	released	a	unified	platform	called	“	pointx	”	to	revolutionize	the	way	reward	points	are	earned	and	redeemed	.
with	the	introduction	of	its	online	“	x	store	,	”	the	company	hopes	to	attract	customers	who	have	credit	card	reward	points	that	they	have	not	yet	redeemed	by	offering	the	best	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	at	discounted	prices	from	well-known	brands	.
the	app	lets	customers	use	their	points	for	flash	deals	and	other	special	priced	items	.
further	,	every	month	the	app	will	highlight	fantastic	“	x	deals	,	”	and	this	october	the	app	will	debut	a	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	to	celebrate	the	halloween	season	.
no	tricks	,	just	treats	!
save	up	to	60	%	on	participating	deals	at	x	store	when	using	pointx	to	make	purchase	in	place	of	cash	during	26-31	october	2022.	keen	shoppers	,	treat	yourselves	to	this	halloween	sale	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	“	pointx	’	s	origins	can	be	traced	back	to	an	initiative	to	address	prevalent	issues	with	utilizing	credit	card	reward	points	,	which	are	kept	in	several	locations	.
that	’	s	why	we	built	the	pointx	app	,	where	users	can	pool	all	of	their	points	into	a	single	account	.
it	’	s	an	innovative	system	for	collecting	and	spending	points	.
we	have	also	selected	and	assembled	exceptional	discounts	on	the	“	x	store	,	”	which	will	feature	great	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	of	well-known	brands	across	both	budget	and	high-end	retail	outlets	.
earned	points	are	easily	used	for	flash	specials	and	other	limited-time	discounts	.
what	’	s	more	,	each	month	pointx	will	feature	exclusive	discounts	designed	to	encourage	customers	to	use	their	points	.
in	celebration	of	the	upcoming	halloween	holiday	,	we	have	introduced	a	new	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	that	will	give	customers	a	discount	of	up	to	60	%	when	they	use	pointx	to	make	purchases	at	x	store	on	the	platform	between	26	and	31	october	.
it	is	our	intention	that	this	campaign	will	provide	the	new	generation	with	yet	another	convenient	alternative	to	spending	cash	by	giving	them	the	opportunity	to	use	points	instead	of	cash	in	any	situation	.
a	variety	of	new	offerings	from	the	company	are	in	the	works	.
those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology-focused	subsidiary	of	the	scb	x	group	,	was	able	to	secure	a	top	three	spot	for	best	employer	brand	in	the	linkedin	talent	awards	2022.	awarded	to	firms	with	fewer	than	1,000	employees	,	scb	techx	competed	for	the	award	against	500	other	organizations	in	thailand	.
this	honor	goes	to	outstanding	users	of	the	linkedin	site	who	facilitate	professional	networking	and	the	dissemination	of	employment	opportunities	.
follower	count	,	pageviews	,	comments	,	and	overall	interactions	are	all	indicators	of	success	on	linkedin	,	and	scb	techx	uses	its	resources	to	improve	and	expand	relevant	knowledge	for	target	audiences	and	establish	strong	social	media	connections	.
this	recognition	will	help	scb	techx	continue	to	build	its	reputation	as	an	employer	of	choice	among	the	best	and	brightest	in	the	technology	industry	.
since	2021	,	scb	techx	has	leveraged	the	networking	and	professional-development	capabilities	of	the	linkedin	platform	to	connect	with	and	recruit	top-tier	technological	talent	.
through	the	presentation	of	its	many	activities	,	the	company	also	uses	the	platform	to	expand	its	own	grasp	of	technological	developments	and	innovations	,	as	well	as	the	perspectives	of	its	employees	,	corporate	culture	,	and	the	broader	business	community	.
scb	techx	has	seen	a	518	%	increase	in	followers	on	the	linkedin	platform	as	of	march	2023	,	indicating	the	interest	of	the	millennial	generation	.
anyone	interested	in	scb	techx	and	its	mission	can	find	more	details	at	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	and	https	:	//scbtechx.io/	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology-focused	subsidiary	of	the	scb	x	group	,	was	able	to	secure	a	top	three	spot	for	best	employer	brand	in	the	linkedin	talent	awards	2022.	awarded	to	firms	with	fewer	than	1,000	employees	,	scb	techx	competed	for	the	award	against	500	other	organizations	in	thailand	.
this	honor	goes	to	outstanding	users	of	the	linkedin	site	who	facilitate	professional	networking	and	the	dissemination	of	employment	opportunities	.
follower	count	,	pageviews	,	comments	,	and	overall	interactions	are	all	indicators	of	success	on	linkedin	,	and	scb	techx	uses	its	resources	to	improve	and	expand	relevant	knowledge	for	target	audiences	and	establish	strong	social	media	connections	.
this	recognition	will	help	scb	techx	continue	to	build	its	reputation	as	an	employer	of	choice	among	the	best	and	brightest	in	the	technology	industry	.
since	2021	,	scb	techx	has	leveraged	the	networking	and	professional-development	capabilities	of	the	linkedin	platform	to	connect	with	and	recruit	top-tier	technological	talent	.
through	the	presentation	of	its	many	activities	,	the	company	also	uses	the	platform	to	expand	its	own	grasp	of	technological	developments	and	innovations	,	as	well	as	the	perspectives	of	its	employees	,	corporate	culture	,	and	the	broader	business	community	.
scb	techx	has	seen	a	518	%	increase	in	followers	on	the	linkedin	platform	as	of	march	2023	,	indicating	the	interest	of	the	millennial	generation	.
anyone	interested	in	scb	techx	and	its	mission	can	find	more	details	at	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	and	https	:	//scbtechx.io/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	shoppers	with	ample	points	get	ready	for	pointx	’	s	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	.
developed	by	scbx	group	’	s	specialized	digital	technology	company	“	scb	techx	”	,	the	pointx	platform	combines	all	accumulated	points	in	one	place	to	transform	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
customers	will	receive	up	to	21,000	pointx	in	points	back	when	purchasing	products	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	the	x	store	,	a	source	of	great	value	products	from	a	variety	of	categories	for	every	lifestyle	.
with	a	maximum	of	six	privileges	per	person	,	shoppers	will	earn	up	to	3,500	pointx	back	per	purchase	and	up	to	21,000	pointx	throughout	the	promotion	period	,	which	runs	from	march	1	,	2023	to	may	31	,	2023.	take	advantage	of	the	promotion	at	the	x	store	in	the	pointx	app	,	where	you	can	find	products	from	a	variety	of	popular	brands	at	attractive	prices	.
spend	more	and	get	more	points	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//pointx.scb/xstore-shop-everyday/	.
details	of	receiving	pointx	back	for	the	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	:	•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	500	pointx	back•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	1,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	20,000	–	29,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	2,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	30,000	pointx/purchase	or	more	,	get	3,500	pointx	backdownload	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	shoppers	with	ample	points	get	ready	for	pointx	’	s	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	.
developed	by	scbx	group	’	s	specialized	digital	technology	company	“	scb	techx	”	,	the	pointx	platform	combines	all	accumulated	points	in	one	place	to	transform	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
customers	will	receive	up	to	21,000	pointx	in	points	back	when	purchasing	products	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	the	x	store	,	a	source	of	great	value	products	from	a	variety	of	categories	for	every	lifestyle	.
with	a	maximum	of	six	privileges	per	person	,	shoppers	will	earn	up	to	3,500	pointx	back	per	purchase	and	up	to	21,000	pointx	throughout	the	promotion	period	,	which	runs	from	march	1	,	2023	to	may	31	,	2023.	take	advantage	of	the	promotion	at	the	x	store	in	the	pointx	app	,	where	you	can	find	products	from	a	variety	of	popular	brands	at	attractive	prices	.
spend	more	and	get	more	points	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//pointx.scb/xstore-shop-everyday/	.
details	of	receiving	pointx	back	for	the	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	:	•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	500	pointx	back•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	1,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	20,000	–	29,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	2,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	30,000	pointx/purchase	or	more	,	get	3,500	pointx	backdownload	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	with	the	new	year	just	around	the	corner	,	“	pointx	”	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	launches	a	special	“	happy	everyday	”	campaign	for	customers	to	enjoy	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	when	ordering	food	,	booking	accommodations	,	or	ordering	groceries	through	the	robinhood	application	.
bringing	happiness	to	your	every	day	with	three	progressive	deals	from	november	29	,	2022	until	january	29	,	2023	:	step	1	:	redeem	points	at	a	special	rate	of	800	pointx	for	100	baht	for	the	purchase	of	goods	or	services	.
the	redemption	is	up	to	10,000	points	per	transaction	.
step	2	:	get	an	extra	discount	code	worth	up	to	300	baht	.
every	1,000	pointx	spent	will	receive	a	60-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	food	(	minimum	spend	of	350	baht	per	order	)	.
step	3	:	get	even	more	!
get	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	.
the	accumulated	spending	at	10,000	pointx	and	above	will	receive	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	travel	(	minimum	spend	of	5,000	baht	per	booking	,	limit	1	discount	code	per	user	)	.
for	further	information	,	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	concept	in	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	,	and	the	robinhood	application	at	:	with	the	new	year	just	around	the	corner	,	“	pointx	”	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	launches	a	special	“	happy	everyday	”	campaign	for	customers	to	enjoy	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	when	ordering	food	,	booking	accommodations	,	or	ordering	groceries	through	the	robinhood	application	.
bringing	happiness	to	your	every	day	with	three	progressive	deals	from	november	29	,	2022	until	january	29	,	2023	:	step	1	:	redeem	points	at	a	special	rate	of	800	pointx	for	100	baht	for	the	purchase	of	goods	or	services	.
the	redemption	is	up	to	10,000	points	per	transaction	.
step	2	:	get	an	extra	discount	code	worth	up	to	300	baht	.
every	1,000	pointx	spent	will	receive	a	60-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	food	(	minimum	spend	of	350	baht	per	order	)	.
step	3	:	get	even	more	!
get	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	.
the	accumulated	spending	at	10,000	pointx	and	above	will	receive	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	travel	(	minimum	spend	of	5,000	baht	per	booking	,	limit	1	discount	code	per	user	)	.
for	further	information	,	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	concept	in	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	,	and	the	robinhood	application	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	speaking	about	the	new	joint	venture	,	scbx	chief	executive	officer	and	chairman	of	the	executive	committee	arthid	nanthawithaya	,	said	,	“	the	launch	of	the	scbx	group	’	s	mothership	strategy	aims	to	transform	it	into	a	giant	financial	technology	group	capable	of	entering	into	regional	and	global	technology	platform	markets	and	develop	our	people	’	s	technological	capabilities	to	scale	up	platforms	in	a	short	period	of	time	.
partnering	with	a	global	market	leader	in	digital	business	transformation	such	as	publicis	sapient	will	combine	the	knowledge	and	synergy	of	two	large	regional	enterprises	and	allow	them	to	jointly	develop	and	execute	our	vision	for	continuously	evolving	scb	techx	toward	one	of	the	biggest	technology	companies	in	southeast	asia	.
scb	techx	will	soon	become	instrumental	in	driving	business	and	enabling	the	scbx	group	to	achieve	its	mission	,	as	planned	,	through	the	creation	of	new	technological	capabilities	that	provide	platform-as-a-service	solutions	for	financial	businesses	and	beyond.	”	“	scb	techx	is	paving	the	way	for	a	new	class	of	technology	companies	built	with	the	express	purpose	of	helping	banks	reinvent	how	they	provide	value	to	their	customers	,	”	said	nigel	vaz	,	ceo	of	publicis	sapient	.
“	this	is	a	pivotal	moment	for	personal	finance	and	e-commerce	globally	,	but	particularly	in	southeast	asia	,	where	the	market	is	growing	exponentially	.
our	collaboration	with	the	scbx	group	brings	to	bear	the	talent	,	expertise	,	and	world-class	technology	of	both	organizations	,	resulting	in	a	new	business	that	operates	with	the	speed	of	a	digital	native	poised	to	usher	in	the	next	generation	of	technological	capabilities.	”	the	new	venture	will	be	led	by	industry	veterans	from	both	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	.
trirat	suwanprateeb	,	scb	’	s	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	technology	officer	,	was	appointed	as	ceo	of	scb	techx	,	and	jonathan	sharp	,	managing	director	at	publicis	sapient	,	will	join	the	new	venture	as	cto	.
“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	digital	technological	capabilities	to	expand	and	create	new	businesses	for	the	scbx	group	,	allowing	it	to	best	capitalize	on	innovations	and	diversified	technology	platforms	,	”	said	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	ceo	of	scb	techx	.
“	scb	techx	will	bring	technology	experience	and	cross-sector	collaboration	to	prepare	the	scbx	group	and	its	business	partners	to	meet	new	consumer	demands	and	help	them	stay	ahead	of	global	competitors	by	readying	them	for	a	future	world	led	by	digital	technology.	”	“	across	sectors	and	geographies	,	customers	have	come	to	expect	sophisticated	and	convenient	digital	banking	and	non-banking	services	that	help	them	move	through	daily	life	with	greater	ease	,	”	said	david	murphy	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	head	of	financial	services	,	emea	&	apac	.
“	it	is	imperative	that	banks	and	financial	services	organizations	retool	and	reorganize	to	become	leaders	in	these	evolving	ecosystems	that	harness	the	power	of	information	,	advanced	technology	and	frictionless	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	combines	the	technological	and	cross-sector	experience	that	will	be	integral	to	scbx	group	’	s	and	others	’	efforts	to	navigate	this	digital-first	future.	”	scb	techx	is	a	digitally	native	and	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	provider	that	develops	digital	technology	systems	which	offer	innovative	banking	services	,	such	as	credit	and	deposit	products	,	and	non-financial	services	,	such	as	food	delivery	,	health	and	wellness	content	and	online	travel	agency	services	,	and	more	,	to	both	corporate	and	general	customers	across	southeast	asia	.
a	true	cloud	native	entity	,	scb	techx	will	help	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	,	drive	significant	efficiencies	in	the	back	office	,	and	also	target	non-banking	industries	.
with	a	scalable	and	flexible	business	model	,	scb	techx	will	deliver	innovations	at	speed	.
scb	techx	is	an	extension	of	the	innovative	work	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	have	undertaken	to	develop	digital	banking	and	food	delivery	products	and	services	that	serve	a	growing	market	for	cross-functional	commerce	platforms	,	powered	by	digital	payments	and	other	fintech	capabilities	.
the	growing	popularity	and	proliferation	of	digital	payments	among	southeast	asia	’	s	consumers	has	propelled	the	region	to	become	one	of	the	fastest-growing	fintech	markets	in	the	world	.
1	the	future	of	southeast	asia	’	s	digital	financial	services	,	google	,	temasek	and	bain	&	company	2	fintech	in	thailand	,	statista	3	digital	life	index	is	based	on	a	survey	of	9,300	consumers	from	the	us	,	canada	,	australia	,	uk	,	germany	,	france	,	sweden	,	denmark	,	hong	kong	,	thailand	,	singapore	and	the	uae	,	exploring	people	’	s	behaviours	,	satisfaction	and	expectations	as	they	relate	to	their	digital	experiences	across	three	industries	:	financial	services	,	retail	and	health	.
704	consumers	in	thailand	were	surveyed	.
speaking	about	the	new	joint	venture	,	scbx	chief	executive	officer	and	chairman	of	the	executive	committee	arthid	nanthawithaya	,	said	,	“	the	launch	of	the	scbx	group	’	s	mothership	strategy	aims	to	transform	it	into	a	giant	financial	technology	group	capable	of	entering	into	regional	and	global	technology	platform	markets	and	develop	our	people	’	s	technological	capabilities	to	scale	up	platforms	in	a	short	period	of	time	.
partnering	with	a	global	market	leader	in	digital	business	transformation	such	as	publicis	sapient	will	combine	the	knowledge	and	synergy	of	two	large	regional	enterprises	and	allow	them	to	jointly	develop	and	execute	our	vision	for	continuously	evolving	scb	techx	toward	one	of	the	biggest	technology	companies	in	southeast	asia	.
scb	techx	will	soon	become	instrumental	in	driving	business	and	enabling	the	scbx	group	to	achieve	its	mission	,	as	planned	,	through	the	creation	of	new	technological	capabilities	that	provide	platform-as-a-service	solutions	for	financial	businesses	and	beyond.	”	“	scb	techx	is	paving	the	way	for	a	new	class	of	technology	companies	built	with	the	express	purpose	of	helping	banks	reinvent	how	they	provide	value	to	their	customers	,	”	said	nigel	vaz	,	ceo	of	publicis	sapient	.
“	this	is	a	pivotal	moment	for	personal	finance	and	e-commerce	globally	,	but	particularly	in	southeast	asia	,	where	the	market	is	growing	exponentially	.
our	collaboration	with	the	scbx	group	brings	to	bear	the	talent	,	expertise	,	and	world-class	technology	of	both	organizations	,	resulting	in	a	new	business	that	operates	with	the	speed	of	a	digital	native	poised	to	usher	in	the	next	generation	of	technological	capabilities.	”	the	new	venture	will	be	led	by	industry	veterans	from	both	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	.
trirat	suwanprateeb	,	scb	’	s	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	technology	officer	,	was	appointed	as	ceo	of	scb	techx	,	and	jonathan	sharp	,	managing	director	at	publicis	sapient	,	will	join	the	new	venture	as	cto	.
“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	digital	technological	capabilities	to	expand	and	create	new	businesses	for	the	scbx	group	,	allowing	it	to	best	capitalize	on	innovations	and	diversified	technology	platforms	,	”	said	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	ceo	of	scb	techx	.
“	scb	techx	will	bring	technology	experience	and	cross-sector	collaboration	to	prepare	the	scbx	group	and	its	business	partners	to	meet	new	consumer	demands	and	help	them	stay	ahead	of	global	competitors	by	readying	them	for	a	future	world	led	by	digital	technology.	”	“	across	sectors	and	geographies	,	customers	have	come	to	expect	sophisticated	and	convenient	digital	banking	and	non-banking	services	that	help	them	move	through	daily	life	with	greater	ease	,	”	said	david	murphy	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	head	of	financial	services	,	emea	&	apac	.
“	it	is	imperative	that	banks	and	financial	services	organizations	retool	and	reorganize	to	become	leaders	in	these	evolving	ecosystems	that	harness	the	power	of	information	,	advanced	technology	and	frictionless	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	combines	the	technological	and	cross-sector	experience	that	will	be	integral	to	scbx	group	’	s	and	others	’	efforts	to	navigate	this	digital-first	future.	”	scb	techx	is	a	digitally	native	and	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	provider	that	develops	digital	technology	systems	which	offer	innovative	banking	services	,	such	as	credit	and	deposit	products	,	and	non-financial	services	,	such	as	food	delivery	,	health	and	wellness	content	and	online	travel	agency	services	,	and	more	,	to	both	corporate	and	general	customers	across	southeast	asia	.
a	true	cloud	native	entity	,	scb	techx	will	help	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	,	drive	significant	efficiencies	in	the	back	office	,	and	also	target	non-banking	industries	.
with	a	scalable	and	flexible	business	model	,	scb	techx	will	deliver	innovations	at	speed	.
scb	techx	is	an	extension	of	the	innovative	work	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	have	undertaken	to	develop	digital	banking	and	food	delivery	products	and	services	that	serve	a	growing	market	for	cross-functional	commerce	platforms	,	powered	by	digital	payments	and	other	fintech	capabilities	.
the	growing	popularity	and	proliferation	of	digital	payments	among	southeast	asia	’	s	consumers	has	propelled	the	region	to	become	one	of	the	fastest-growing	fintech	markets	in	the	world	.
1	the	future	of	southeast	asia	’	s	digital	financial	services	,	google	,	temasek	and	bain	&	company	2	fintech	in	thailand	,	statista	3	digital	life	index	is	based	on	a	survey	of	9,300	consumers	from	the	us	,	canada	,	australia	,	uk	,	germany	,	france	,	sweden	,	denmark	,	hong	kong	,	thailand	,	singapore	and	the	uae	,	exploring	people	’	s	behaviours	,	satisfaction	and	expectations	as	they	relate	to	their	digital	experiences	across	three	industries	:	financial	services	,	retail	and	health	.
704	consumers	in	thailand	were	surveyed	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	“	fast	track	interview	:	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	”	การสัมภาษณ์งานแบบ	virtual	กลับมาอีกครั้ง	เรากำลังเฟ้นหาผู้สมัครสายเทคที่จะมาช่วยพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์และบริการด้านไอทีที่เกี่ยวข้องกับ	financial	services	ในตำแหน่งดังต่อไปนี้	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	หากคุณพร้อมสามารถ	สมัครและสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	พร้อมรู้ผลฉับไว	!
•	เปิดรับสมัครตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	21	เมษายน	2566•	virtual	interview	:	พุธที่	26	เมษายน	–	พฤหัสบดีที่	27	เมษายน	2566•	ประกาศผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	อังคารที่	2	พฤษภาคม	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกจะได้รับการติดต่อ	*	สนใจร่วมงานกับเรา	คลิก	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	หากต้องการสอบถามข้อมูลตำแหน่งงานเพิ่มเติม	สามารถส่ง	inbox	(	fb	)	หรือส่ง	email	มาได้ที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	ค่ะ	สถานที่ทำงาน	:	อาคาร	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	ใกล้	bts	2	สถานี	:	สถานีพหลโยธิน	24	และสถานีรัชโยธิน	)	รูปแบบการทำงาน	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	สวัสดิการจัดเต็ม•	โบนัส	,	ค่าโทรศัพท์/internet	,	flexible	benefit	•	กู้ซื้อบ้าน	อัตราดอกเบี้ยพิเศษ	•	กองทุนสำรองเลี้ยงชีพ	,	สหกรณ์ออมทรัพย์	•	วันหยุดพักร้อน	,	วันหยุดในวันเกิดหรือเดือนเกิด	•	ประกันสุขภาพ/ประกันชีวิต/ประกันอุบัติเหตุ	•	รถรับส่ง	mrt	bts	,	ที่จอดรถ	•	สนามกีฬา	,	ฟิตเนส	,	ศูนย์นวดเพื่อสุขภาพ	•	co-working	space	สามารถติดตามข่าวสารของ	scb	techx	ได้ตามช่องทางต่อไปนี้	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	”	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	2023	”	virtual	interview	event	is	back	!
scb	techx	is	looking	for	the	candidates	who	have	the	passion	to	bring	the	advanced	technology	to	develop	the	products	and	services	in	the	financial	services	.
for	this	event	,	we	are	looking	for	:	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	applying	and	virtual	interview	until	getting	the	feedback	as	fast	track	!
•	open	for	application	:	today	–	21	april	2023	•	virtual	interview	session	:	wednesday	26	april	and	thursday	27	april	2023	*	•	interview	result	announcement	:	tuesday	2	may	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	*	interesting	to	apply	?
don	’	t	hesitate	to	submit	your	resume	and	special	fast	track	selection	process	will	be	applicable	for	your	application	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	any	questions	about	the	roles	?
please	send	message	to	our	inbox	(	fb	)	or	email	to	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	location	:	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	access	by	bts	:	phahonyothin	24	station	and	ratchayothin	station	)	working	type	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	benefits	•	performance	bonus	,	mobile/internet	allowance	,	flexible	benefit	•	special	interest	rate	for	home	loan	•	provident	fund	,	saving	co-operative	•	annual	leave	,	day	off	on	your	birthday	•	medical	,	accident	&	life	insurance	•	free	shuttle	bus	to	mrt	&	bts	,	parking	space	•	sport	stadium	,	in-house	fitness	,	message	center	•	co-working	space	follow	us	for	more	updated	news	as	follows	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	:	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	”	การสัมภาษณ์งานแบบ	virtual	กลับมาอีกครั้ง	เรากำลังเฟ้นหาผู้สมัครสายเทคที่จะมาช่วยพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์และบริการด้านไอทีที่เกี่ยวข้องกับ	financial	services	ในตำแหน่งดังต่อไปนี้	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	หากคุณพร้อมสามารถ	สมัครและสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	พร้อมรู้ผลฉับไว	!
•	เปิดรับสมัครตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	21	เมษายน	2566•	virtual	interview	:	พุธที่	26	เมษายน	–	พฤหัสบดีที่	27	เมษายน	2566•	ประกาศผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	อังคารที่	2	พฤษภาคม	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกจะได้รับการติดต่อ	*	สนใจร่วมงานกับเรา	คลิก	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	หากต้องการสอบถามข้อมูลตำแหน่งงานเพิ่มเติม	สามารถส่ง	inbox	(	fb	)	หรือส่ง	email	มาได้ที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	ค่ะ	สถานที่ทำงาน	:	อาคาร	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	ใกล้	bts	2	สถานี	:	สถานีพหลโยธิน	24	และสถานีรัชโยธิน	)	รูปแบบการทำงาน	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	สวัสดิการจัดเต็ม•	โบนัส	,	ค่าโทรศัพท์/internet	,	flexible	benefit	•	กู้ซื้อบ้าน	อัตราดอกเบี้ยพิเศษ	•	กองทุนสำรองเลี้ยงชีพ	,	สหกรณ์ออมทรัพย์	•	วันหยุดพักร้อน	,	วันหยุดในวันเกิดหรือเดือนเกิด	•	ประกันสุขภาพ/ประกันชีวิต/ประกันอุบัติเหตุ	•	รถรับส่ง	mrt	bts	,	ที่จอดรถ	•	สนามกีฬา	,	ฟิตเนส	,	ศูนย์นวดเพื่อสุขภาพ	•	co-working	space	สามารถติดตามข่าวสารของ	scb	techx	ได้ตามช่องทางต่อไปนี้	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	“	fast	track	interview	”	business	analyst	&	system	analyst	2023	”	virtual	interview	event	is	back	!
scb	techx	is	looking	for	the	candidates	who	have	the	passion	to	bring	the	advanced	technology	to	develop	the	products	and	services	in	the	financial	services	.
for	this	event	,	we	are	looking	for	:	–	business	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	–	system	analyst	(	junior-middle	level	)	applying	and	virtual	interview	until	getting	the	feedback	as	fast	track	!
•	open	for	application	:	today	–	21	april	2023	•	virtual	interview	session	:	wednesday	26	april	and	thursday	27	april	2023	*	•	interview	result	announcement	:	tuesday	2	may	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	*	interesting	to	apply	?
don	’	t	hesitate	to	submit	your	resume	and	special	fast	track	selection	process	will	be	applicable	for	your	application	:	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/aef4f5c6fae7-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-product-team-ba-sa	any	questions	about	the	roles	?
please	send	message	to	our	inbox	(	fb	)	or	email	to	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	location	:	scb	park	plaza	west	b	(	access	by	bts	:	phahonyothin	24	station	and	ratchayothin	station	)	working	type	:	hybrid	(	onsite	&	work	from	home	)	benefits	•	performance	bonus	,	mobile/internet	allowance	,	flexible	benefit	•	special	interest	rate	for	home	loan	•	provident	fund	,	saving	co-operative	•	annual	leave	,	day	off	on	your	birthday	•	medical	,	accident	&	life	insurance	•	free	shuttle	bus	to	mrt	&	bts	,	parking	space	•	sport	stadium	,	in-house	fitness	,	message	center	•	co-working	space	follow	us	for	more	updated	news	as	follows	facebook	:	https	:	//www.facebook.com/scbtechx/	linkedin	:	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	youtube	:	https	:	//www.youtube.com/	@	scbtechx	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	หากคุณกำลังมองหางานที่ใช่	บริษัท	tech	ที่ชอบ…scb	techx	กำลังเปิดรับตำแหน่ง	software	engineer	และ	qa	engineer	เพื่อมาร่วมกันพัฒนาและสร้างสรรค์	technology	ทางด้าน	financial	services	ไปด้วยกัน	ผ่านขั้นตอนการสมัคร	คัดเลือก	ทดสอบออนไลน์	และนัดสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	รู้ผลการสัมภาษณ์ได้อย่างรวดเร็ว	!	โดยมีตำแหน่งที่เปิดรับสมัคร	ดังนี้	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	เปิดรับสมัคร	:	ตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	31	มีนาคม	2566สัมภาษณ์	online	:	วันอังคารที่	4	และวันพุธที่	5	เมษายน	2566	*	แจ้งผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	วันศุกร์ที่	7	เมษายน	2566	เป็นต้นไป	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกเท่านั้นที่จะได้รับการติดต่อกลับ	หากสนใจ	สามารถสมัครได้ที่	link	ด้านล่าง	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	หรือ	scan	qr	code	เพื่อสมัครได้เลยค่ะ	ต้องการข้อมูลหรือสอบถามเพิ่มเติมสามารถส่ง	e-mail	มาที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	are	searching	for	agile	working	with	a	chance	to	use	the	advanced	tools	&	technology	,	scb	techx	is	also	looking	for	someone	like	you	.
“	virtual	fastrack	interview	for	software	engineer	&	qa	engineer	”	is	now	opening	to	apply	!
starting	from	applying	,	screening	,	an	online	test	and	a	virtual	interview	until	receiving	feedback	as	fast	track	!	the	opening	positions	are	follows	:	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	open	for	application	:	today-31	march	2023	virtual	interview	:	tue	4	april	and	wed	5	april	2023	*	interview	feedback	:	fri	7	april	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	interested	to	apply	?
click	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	or	scan	qr	code	for	more	information	,	please	contact	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	หากคุณกำลังมองหางานที่ใช่	บริษัท	tech	ที่ชอบ…scb	techx	กำลังเปิดรับตำแหน่ง	software	engineer	และ	qa	engineer	เพื่อมาร่วมกันพัฒนาและสร้างสรรค์	technology	ทางด้าน	financial	services	ไปด้วยกัน	ผ่านขั้นตอนการสมัคร	คัดเลือก	ทดสอบออนไลน์	และนัดสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	รู้ผลการสัมภาษณ์ได้อย่างรวดเร็ว	!	โดยมีตำแหน่งที่เปิดรับสมัคร	ดังนี้	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	เปิดรับสมัคร	:	ตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	31	มีนาคม	2566สัมภาษณ์	online	:	วันอังคารที่	4	และวันพุธที่	5	เมษายน	2566	*	แจ้งผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	วันศุกร์ที่	7	เมษายน	2566	เป็นต้นไป	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกเท่านั้นที่จะได้รับการติดต่อกลับ	หากสนใจ	สามารถสมัครได้ที่	link	ด้านล่าง	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	หรือ	scan	qr	code	เพื่อสมัครได้เลยค่ะ	ต้องการข้อมูลหรือสอบถามเพิ่มเติมสามารถส่ง	e-mail	มาที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	are	searching	for	agile	working	with	a	chance	to	use	the	advanced	tools	&	technology	,	scb	techx	is	also	looking	for	someone	like	you	.
“	virtual	fastrack	interview	for	software	engineer	&	qa	engineer	”	is	now	opening	to	apply	!
starting	from	applying	,	screening	,	an	online	test	and	a	virtual	interview	until	receiving	feedback	as	fast	track	!	the	opening	positions	are	follows	:	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	open	for	application	:	today-31	march	2023	virtual	interview	:	tue	4	april	and	wed	5	april	2023	*	interview	feedback	:	fri	7	april	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	interested	to	apply	?
click	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	or	scan	qr	code	for	more	information	,	please	contact	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	opens	up	a	whole	new	frontier	for	collecting	and	redeeming	reward	points	.
pointx	is	a	novel	shopping	app	created	by	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	that	focuses	on	digital	technology	.
pointx	’	s	newest	campaign	,	“	feast	without	worry	,	”	is	sure	to	make	foodies	happy	by	enabling	members	to	pay	for	food	on	the	line	man	application	with	pointx	via	the	scb	easy	application	.
between	april	1	and	may	31	,	2023	,	pointx	members	can	redeem	their	points	for	a	special	rate	of	8.5	pointx	=	1	baht	(	limited	to	2	orders	per	person	per	day	or	a	total	of	2,000	offers	during	the	promotion	period	)	.
pointx	users	can	also	order	meals	for	less	without	entering	a	discount	coupon	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	the	website	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/lineman-apr23-may23/	point	usage	instructions	for	line	man1	.
transfer	scb	credit	card	points	to	the	pointx	application	.
2.	select	a	food	item	on	the	line	man	application	and	press	the	confirm	button	,	select	“	scb	easy	”	as	the	payment	method	,	and	then	press	the	“	pay	”	button.3	.
select	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	under	“	pay	with	points.	”	4	.
confirm	the	payment	and	wait	for	the	food/drinks	to	be	delivered	directly	to	your	door	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	opens	up	a	whole	new	frontier	for	collecting	and	redeeming	reward	points	.
pointx	is	a	novel	shopping	app	created	by	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	that	focuses	on	digital	technology	.
pointx	’	s	newest	campaign	,	“	feast	without	worry	,	”	is	sure	to	make	foodies	happy	by	enabling	members	to	pay	for	food	on	the	line	man	application	with	pointx	via	the	scb	easy	application	.
between	april	1	and	may	31	,	2023	,	pointx	members	can	redeem	their	points	for	a	special	rate	of	8.5	pointx	=	1	baht	(	limited	to	2	orders	per	person	per	day	or	a	total	of	2,000	offers	during	the	promotion	period	)	.
pointx	users	can	also	order	meals	for	less	without	entering	a	discount	coupon	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	the	website	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/lineman-apr23-may23/	point	usage	instructions	for	line	man1	.
transfer	scb	credit	card	points	to	the	pointx	application	.
2.	select	a	food	item	on	the	line	man	application	and	press	the	confirm	button	,	select	“	scb	easy	”	as	the	payment	method	,	and	then	press	the	“	pay	”	button.3	.
select	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	under	“	pay	with	points.	”	4	.
confirm	the	payment	and	wait	for	the	food/drinks	to	be	delivered	directly	to	your	door	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	introducing	pointx	,	a	revolutionary	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	leading	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	.
pointx	combines	all	your	accumulated	points	in	one	convenient	place	.
to	celebrate	the	arrival	of	the	rainy	season	,	pointx	has	launched	a	“	pointx	special	”	campaign	.
new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	and	sign	up	will	receive	a	generous	bonus	of	600	pointx	special	points	.
this	offer	is	available	from	june	3	,	2023	,	to	august	4	,	2023.	with	pointx	,	users	can	make	their	shopping	,	dining	,	and	travel	experiences	even	more	rewarding	by	simply	choosing	to	scan	and	pay	via	qr	code	anywhere	in	thailand	.
you	can	conveniently	use	your	points	for	payment	whether	you	are	shopping	for	merchandise	or	e-coupons	at	the	x	store	,	or	just	ordering	food	online	.
just	select	the	“	pay	with	points	”	feature	in	the	scb	easy	mobile	banking	app	.
take	advantage	of	the	flexibility	and	convenience	of	using	points	instead	of	cash	anywhere	you	go	with	pointx	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	our	website	at	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-users-get-600/	.
to	make	the	offer	even	more	exciting	,	we	have	divided	the	extra	600	pointx	special	points	into	9	rounds	:	–	round	1	:	apply	between	june	3	–	8	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	9	,	2023.–	round	2	:	apply	between	june	9	–	15	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	16	,	2023.–	round	3	:	apply	between	june	16	–	22	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	23	,	2023.–	round	4	:	apply	between	june	23	–	29	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	30	,	2023.–	round	5	:	apply	between	june	30	–	july	6	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	7	,	2023.–	round	6	:	apply	between	july	7	–	13	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	14	,	2023.–	round	7	:	apply	between	july	14	–	20	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	21	,	2023.–	round	8	:	apply	between	july	21	–	27	,	2023	,	and	will	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	2	,	2023	.
*	–	round	9	:	applying	between	july	28	–	august	4	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	9	,	2023	.
*	*	in	the	event	that	special	point	transfer	coincides	with	a	public	holiday	or	is	the	last	day	of	the	campaign	,	the	bank	will	transfer	the	extra	points	to	customers	by	the	following	wednesday	.
please	note	that	points	earned	are	valid	until	september	30	,	2023	,	at	11:59	p.m.	don	’	t	miss	out	on	this	fantastic	opportunity	to	enhance	your	shopping	experience	and	enjoy	the	benefits	of	pointx	!
introducing	pointx	,	a	revolutionary	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	leading	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	.
pointx	combines	all	your	accumulated	points	in	one	convenient	place	.
to	celebrate	the	arrival	of	the	rainy	season	,	pointx	has	launched	a	“	pointx	special	”	campaign	.
new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	and	sign	up	will	receive	a	generous	bonus	of	600	pointx	special	points	.
this	offer	is	available	from	june	3	,	2023	,	to	august	4	,	2023.	with	pointx	,	users	can	make	their	shopping	,	dining	,	and	travel	experiences	even	more	rewarding	by	simply	choosing	to	scan	and	pay	via	qr	code	anywhere	in	thailand	.
you	can	conveniently	use	your	points	for	payment	whether	you	are	shopping	for	merchandise	or	e-coupons	at	the	x	store	,	or	just	ordering	food	online	.
just	select	the	“	pay	with	points	”	feature	in	the	scb	easy	mobile	banking	app	.
take	advantage	of	the	flexibility	and	convenience	of	using	points	instead	of	cash	anywhere	you	go	with	pointx	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	our	website	at	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-users-get-600/	.
to	make	the	offer	even	more	exciting	,	we	have	divided	the	extra	600	pointx	special	points	into	9	rounds	:	–	round	1	:	apply	between	june	3	–	8	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	9	,	2023.–	round	2	:	apply	between	june	9	–	15	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	16	,	2023.–	round	3	:	apply	between	june	16	–	22	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	23	,	2023.–	round	4	:	apply	between	june	23	–	29	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	30	,	2023.–	round	5	:	apply	between	june	30	–	july	6	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	7	,	2023.–	round	6	:	apply	between	july	7	–	13	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	14	,	2023.–	round	7	:	apply	between	july	14	–	20	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	21	,	2023.–	round	8	:	apply	between	july	21	–	27	,	2023	,	and	will	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	2	,	2023	.
*	–	round	9	:	applying	between	july	28	–	august	4	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	9	,	2023	.
*	*	in	the	event	that	special	point	transfer	coincides	with	a	public	holiday	or	is	the	last	day	of	the	campaign	,	the	bank	will	transfer	the	extra	points	to	customers	by	the	following	wednesday	.
please	note	that	points	earned	are	valid	until	september	30	,	2023	,	at	11:59	p.m.	don	’	t	miss	out	on	this	fantastic	opportunity	to	enhance	your	shopping	experience	and	enjoy	the	benefits	of	pointx	!
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	introducing	pointx	,	a	revolutionary	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	leading	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	.
pointx	combines	all	your	accumulated	points	in	one	convenient	place	.
to	celebrate	the	arrival	of	the	rainy	season	,	pointx	has	launched	a	“	pointx	special	”	campaign	.
new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	and	sign	up	will	receive	a	generous	bonus	of	600	pointx	special	points	.
this	offer	is	available	from	june	3	,	2023	,	to	august	4	,	2023.	with	pointx	,	users	can	make	their	shopping	,	dining	,	and	travel	experiences	even	more	rewarding	by	simply	choosing	to	scan	and	pay	via	qr	code	anywhere	in	thailand	.
you	can	conveniently	use	your	points	for	payment	whether	you	are	shopping	for	merchandise	or	e-coupons	at	the	x	store	,	or	just	ordering	food	online	.
just	select	the	“	pay	with	points	”	feature	in	the	scb	easy	mobile	banking	app	.
take	advantage	of	the	flexibility	and	convenience	of	using	points	instead	of	cash	anywhere	you	go	with	pointx	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	our	website	at	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-users-get-600/	.
to	make	the	offer	even	more	exciting	,	we	have	divided	the	extra	600	pointx	special	points	into	9	rounds	:	–	round	1	:	apply	between	june	3	–	8	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	9	,	2023.–	round	2	:	apply	between	june	9	–	15	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	16	,	2023.–	round	3	:	apply	between	june	16	–	22	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	23	,	2023.–	round	4	:	apply	between	june	23	–	29	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	30	,	2023.–	round	5	:	apply	between	june	30	–	july	6	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	7	,	2023.–	round	6	:	apply	between	july	7	–	13	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	14	,	2023.–	round	7	:	apply	between	july	14	–	20	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	21	,	2023.–	round	8	:	apply	between	july	21	–	27	,	2023	,	and	will	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	2	,	2023	.
*	–	round	9	:	applying	between	july	28	–	august	4	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	9	,	2023	.
*	*	in	the	event	that	special	point	transfer	coincides	with	a	public	holiday	or	is	the	last	day	of	the	campaign	,	the	bank	will	transfer	the	extra	points	to	customers	by	the	following	wednesday	.
please	note	that	points	earned	are	valid	until	september	30	,	2023	,	at	11:59	p.m.	don	’	t	miss	out	on	this	fantastic	opportunity	to	enhance	your	shopping	experience	and	enjoy	the	benefits	of	pointx	!
introducing	pointx	,	a	revolutionary	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	leading	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	.
pointx	combines	all	your	accumulated	points	in	one	convenient	place	.
to	celebrate	the	arrival	of	the	rainy	season	,	pointx	has	launched	a	“	pointx	special	”	campaign	.
new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	and	sign	up	will	receive	a	generous	bonus	of	600	pointx	special	points	.
this	offer	is	available	from	june	3	,	2023	,	to	august	4	,	2023.	with	pointx	,	users	can	make	their	shopping	,	dining	,	and	travel	experiences	even	more	rewarding	by	simply	choosing	to	scan	and	pay	via	qr	code	anywhere	in	thailand	.
you	can	conveniently	use	your	points	for	payment	whether	you	are	shopping	for	merchandise	or	e-coupons	at	the	x	store	,	or	just	ordering	food	online	.
just	select	the	“	pay	with	points	”	feature	in	the	scb	easy	mobile	banking	app	.
take	advantage	of	the	flexibility	and	convenience	of	using	points	instead	of	cash	anywhere	you	go	with	pointx	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	our	website	at	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-users-get-600/	.
to	make	the	offer	even	more	exciting	,	we	have	divided	the	extra	600	pointx	special	points	into	9	rounds	:	–	round	1	:	apply	between	june	3	–	8	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	9	,	2023.–	round	2	:	apply	between	june	9	–	15	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	16	,	2023.–	round	3	:	apply	between	june	16	–	22	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	23	,	2023.–	round	4	:	apply	between	june	23	–	29	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	june	30	,	2023.–	round	5	:	apply	between	june	30	–	july	6	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	7	,	2023.–	round	6	:	apply	between	july	7	–	13	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	14	,	2023.–	round	7	:	apply	between	july	14	–	20	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	july	21	,	2023.–	round	8	:	apply	between	july	21	–	27	,	2023	,	and	will	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	2	,	2023	.
*	–	round	9	:	applying	between	july	28	–	august	4	,	2023	,	and	receive	600	extra	pointx	special	points	on	august	9	,	2023	.
*	*	in	the	event	that	special	point	transfer	coincides	with	a	public	holiday	or	is	the	last	day	of	the	campaign	,	the	bank	will	transfer	the	extra	points	to	customers	by	the	following	wednesday	.
please	note	that	points	earned	are	valid	until	september	30	,	2023	,	at	11:59	p.m.	don	’	t	miss	out	on	this	fantastic	opportunity	to	enhance	your	shopping	experience	and	enjoy	the	benefits	of	pointx	!
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	joins	hands	with	robinhood	,	a	thailand-based	food	delivery	platform	to	introduce	a	new	experience	of	limitless	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	to	foodies	with	a	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	.
every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022	,	foodies	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	.
real	foodies	can	’	t	miss	it	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	the	pointx	application	is	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	offering	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
as	we	are	expanding	our	partnership	with	leading	business	partners	across	ecosystems	to	develop	lifestyle	platforms	to	answer	to	lifestyles	and	behaviors	of	customers	in	a	new	generation	,	the	latest	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	in	partnership	with	robinhood	specifically	caters	to	foodies	.
for	the	first	time	,	robinhood	app	users	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022.	we	hope	the	campaign	can	offer	more	spending	options	to	pointx	and	robinhood	customers	to	enjoy	favorite	dishes	from	popular	eateries	over	the	weekend.	”	mr.	srihanath	lamsam	,	chief	executive	officer	at	purple	ventures	,	the	robinhood	platform	developer	and	operator	,	said	,	“	at	present	,	there	are	over	270,000	merchants	,	3.2	million	registered	app	users	,	and	30,000	riders	on	the	robinhood	platform	.
we	keep	developing	our	services	and	new	marketing	campaigns	,	so	that	the	app	remains	relevant	to	every	moment	in	customers	’	lifestyle	.
through	this	partnership	with	pointx	,	we	hope	to	bring	little	happiness	by	helping	customers	save	their	daily	spending	amid	rising	costs	of	living	.
how	to	pay	with	pointx	like	cash	the	pointx	application	,	featuring	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	where	you	can	use	points	like	cash	,	is	available	for	downloading	at	:	pointx	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	joins	hands	with	robinhood	,	a	thailand-based	food	delivery	platform	to	introduce	a	new	experience	of	limitless	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	to	foodies	with	a	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	.
every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022	,	foodies	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	.
real	foodies	can	’	t	miss	it	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	the	pointx	application	is	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	offering	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
as	we	are	expanding	our	partnership	with	leading	business	partners	across	ecosystems	to	develop	lifestyle	platforms	to	answer	to	lifestyles	and	behaviors	of	customers	in	a	new	generation	,	the	latest	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	in	partnership	with	robinhood	specifically	caters	to	foodies	.
for	the	first	time	,	robinhood	app	users	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022.	we	hope	the	campaign	can	offer	more	spending	options	to	pointx	and	robinhood	customers	to	enjoy	favorite	dishes	from	popular	eateries	over	the	weekend.	”	mr.	srihanath	lamsam	,	chief	executive	officer	at	purple	ventures	,	the	robinhood	platform	developer	and	operator	,	said	,	“	at	present	,	there	are	over	270,000	merchants	,	3.2	million	registered	app	users	,	and	30,000	riders	on	the	robinhood	platform	.
we	keep	developing	our	services	and	new	marketing	campaigns	,	so	that	the	app	remains	relevant	to	every	moment	in	customers	’	lifestyle	.
through	this	partnership	with	pointx	,	we	hope	to	bring	little	happiness	by	helping	customers	save	their	daily	spending	amid	rising	costs	of	living	.
how	to	pay	with	pointx	like	cash	the	pointx	application	,	featuring	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	where	you	can	use	points	like	cash	,	is	available	for	downloading	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	หากคุณกำลังมองหางานที่ใช่	บริษัท	tech	ที่ชอบ…scb	techx	กำลังเปิดรับตำแหน่ง	software	engineer	และ	qa	engineer	เพื่อมาร่วมกันพัฒนาและสร้างสรรค์	technology	ทางด้าน	financial	services	ไปด้วยกัน	ผ่านขั้นตอนการสมัคร	คัดเลือก	ทดสอบออนไลน์	และนัดสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	รู้ผลการสัมภาษณ์ได้อย่างรวดเร็ว	!	โดยมีตำแหน่งที่เปิดรับสมัคร	ดังนี้	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	เปิดรับสมัคร	:	ตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	31	มีนาคม	2566สัมภาษณ์	online	:	วันอังคารที่	4	และวันพุธที่	5	เมษายน	2566	*	แจ้งผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	วันศุกร์ที่	7	เมษายน	2566	เป็นต้นไป	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกเท่านั้นที่จะได้รับการติดต่อกลับ	หากสนใจ	สามารถสมัครได้ที่	link	ด้านล่าง	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	หรือ	scan	qr	code	เพื่อสมัครได้เลยค่ะ	ต้องการข้อมูลหรือสอบถามเพิ่มเติมสามารถส่ง	e-mail	มาที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	are	searching	for	agile	working	with	a	chance	to	use	the	advanced	tools	&	technology	,	scb	techx	is	also	looking	for	someone	like	you	.
“	virtual	fastrack	interview	for	software	engineer	&	qa	engineer	”	is	now	opening	to	apply	!
starting	from	applying	,	screening	,	an	online	test	and	a	virtual	interview	until	receiving	feedback	as	fast	track	!	the	opening	positions	are	follows	:	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	open	for	application	:	today-31	march	2023	virtual	interview	:	tue	4	april	and	wed	5	april	2023	*	interview	feedback	:	fri	7	april	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	interested	to	apply	?
click	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	or	scan	qr	code	for	more	information	,	please	contact	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	หากคุณกำลังมองหางานที่ใช่	บริษัท	tech	ที่ชอบ…scb	techx	กำลังเปิดรับตำแหน่ง	software	engineer	และ	qa	engineer	เพื่อมาร่วมกันพัฒนาและสร้างสรรค์	technology	ทางด้าน	financial	services	ไปด้วยกัน	ผ่านขั้นตอนการสมัคร	คัดเลือก	ทดสอบออนไลน์	และนัดสัมภาษณ์แบบ	virtual	รู้ผลการสัมภาษณ์ได้อย่างรวดเร็ว	!	โดยมีตำแหน่งที่เปิดรับสมัคร	ดังนี้	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	เปิดรับสมัคร	:	ตั้งแต่วันนี้	–	31	มีนาคม	2566สัมภาษณ์	online	:	วันอังคารที่	4	และวันพุธที่	5	เมษายน	2566	*	แจ้งผลการสัมภาษณ์	:	วันศุกร์ที่	7	เมษายน	2566	เป็นต้นไป	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ได้รับการคัดเลือกเท่านั้นที่จะได้รับการติดต่อกลับ	หากสนใจ	สามารถสมัครได้ที่	link	ด้านล่าง	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	หรือ	scan	qr	code	เพื่อสมัครได้เลยค่ะ	ต้องการข้อมูลหรือสอบถามเพิ่มเติมสามารถส่ง	e-mail	มาที่	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	are	searching	for	agile	working	with	a	chance	to	use	the	advanced	tools	&	technology	,	scb	techx	is	also	looking	for	someone	like	you	.
“	virtual	fastrack	interview	for	software	engineer	&	qa	engineer	”	is	now	opening	to	apply	!
starting	from	applying	,	screening	,	an	online	test	and	a	virtual	interview	until	receiving	feedback	as	fast	track	!	the	opening	positions	are	follows	:	•	software	engineer	(	all	levels	)	•	qa	engineer	(	all	levels	)	open	for	application	:	today-31	march	2023	virtual	interview	:	tue	4	april	and	wed	5	april	2023	*	interview	feedback	:	fri	7	april	2023	*	only	shortlisted	candidate	will	be	contacted	interested	to	apply	?
click	https	:	//scb-techx-co-ltd.breezy.hr/p/6ce97400607a-scb-techx-fast-track-interview-software-engineer-qa-engineer	or	scan	qr	code	for	more	information	,	please	contact	recruit	@	scbtechx.io	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	joins	hands	with	robinhood	,	a	thailand-based	food	delivery	platform	to	introduce	a	new	experience	of	limitless	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	to	foodies	with	a	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	.
every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022	,	foodies	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	.
real	foodies	can	’	t	miss	it	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	the	pointx	application	is	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	offering	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
as	we	are	expanding	our	partnership	with	leading	business	partners	across	ecosystems	to	develop	lifestyle	platforms	to	answer	to	lifestyles	and	behaviors	of	customers	in	a	new	generation	,	the	latest	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	in	partnership	with	robinhood	specifically	caters	to	foodies	.
for	the	first	time	,	robinhood	app	users	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022.	we	hope	the	campaign	can	offer	more	spending	options	to	pointx	and	robinhood	customers	to	enjoy	favorite	dishes	from	popular	eateries	over	the	weekend.	”	mr.	srihanath	lamsam	,	chief	executive	officer	at	purple	ventures	,	the	robinhood	platform	developer	and	operator	,	said	,	“	at	present	,	there	are	over	270,000	merchants	,	3.2	million	registered	app	users	,	and	30,000	riders	on	the	robinhood	platform	.
we	keep	developing	our	services	and	new	marketing	campaigns	,	so	that	the	app	remains	relevant	to	every	moment	in	customers	’	lifestyle	.
through	this	partnership	with	pointx	,	we	hope	to	bring	little	happiness	by	helping	customers	save	their	daily	spending	amid	rising	costs	of	living	.
how	to	pay	with	pointx	like	cash	the	pointx	application	,	featuring	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	where	you	can	use	points	like	cash	,	is	available	for	downloading	at	:	pointx	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	joins	hands	with	robinhood	,	a	thailand-based	food	delivery	platform	to	introduce	a	new	experience	of	limitless	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	to	foodies	with	a	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	.
every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022	,	foodies	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	.
real	foodies	can	’	t	miss	it	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	the	pointx	application	is	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	offering	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
as	we	are	expanding	our	partnership	with	leading	business	partners	across	ecosystems	to	develop	lifestyle	platforms	to	answer	to	lifestyles	and	behaviors	of	customers	in	a	new	generation	,	the	latest	“	happy	weekend	”	campaign	in	partnership	with	robinhood	specifically	caters	to	foodies	.
for	the	first	time	,	robinhood	app	users	can	redeem	pointx	for	cash	at	a	very	special	rate	by	every	8	pointx	for	1	baht	to	pay	for	any	food	orders	(	no	minimum	amount	requirement	)	placed	with	eateries	joining	the	dd	promotion	via	the	robinhood	app	every	weekend	between	september	3	–	october	16	,	2022.	we	hope	the	campaign	can	offer	more	spending	options	to	pointx	and	robinhood	customers	to	enjoy	favorite	dishes	from	popular	eateries	over	the	weekend.	”	mr.	srihanath	lamsam	,	chief	executive	officer	at	purple	ventures	,	the	robinhood	platform	developer	and	operator	,	said	,	“	at	present	,	there	are	over	270,000	merchants	,	3.2	million	registered	app	users	,	and	30,000	riders	on	the	robinhood	platform	.
we	keep	developing	our	services	and	new	marketing	campaigns	,	so	that	the	app	remains	relevant	to	every	moment	in	customers	’	lifestyle	.
through	this	partnership	with	pointx	,	we	hope	to	bring	little	happiness	by	helping	customers	save	their	daily	spending	amid	rising	costs	of	living	.
how	to	pay	with	pointx	like	cash	the	pointx	application	,	featuring	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	where	you	can	use	points	like	cash	,	is	available	for	downloading	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	with	more	than	25	years	of	global	professional	experience	in	engineering	,	architecture	,	consulting	and	transformation	,	mr.	sharp	is	an	innovative	technology	and	delivery	leader	.
he	has	led	client	engagements	for	some	of	the	world	’	s	largest	brands	from	north	america	,	europe	and	for	the	past	12	years	across	asia	pacific	.
over	the	course	of	his	career	,	he	has	been	responsible	for	clients	’	successful	digital	business	transformation	initiatives	,	including	unilever	,	metlife	,	ana	,	bbl	and	pandora	,	among	others	.
before	joining	scb	techx	,	mr.	sharp	served	as	managing	director	,	asean	,	at	publicis	sapient	.
mr.	sharp	’	s	career	at	publicis	sapient	spans	24	years	where	he	also	headed	technology	&	delivery	across	asia	pacific	and	served	in	a	variety	of	consulting	and	delivery	capacities	.
in	addition	to	numerous	professional	certifications	in	architecture	development	,	cloud	and	management	,	mr.	sharp	holds	a	degree	in	computer	engineering	from	the	royal	military	college	of	canada	.
with	more	than	25	years	of	global	professional	experience	in	engineering	,	architecture	,	consulting	and	transformation	,	mr.	sharp	is	an	innovative	technology	and	delivery	leader	.
he	has	led	client	engagements	for	some	of	the	world	’	s	largest	brands	from	north	america	,	europe	and	for	the	past	12	years	across	asia	pacific	.
over	the	course	of	his	career	,	he	has	been	responsible	for	clients	’	successful	digital	business	transformation	initiatives	,	including	unilever	,	metlife	,	ana	,	bbl	and	pandora	,	among	others	.
before	joining	scb	techx	,	mr.	sharp	served	as	managing	director	,	asean	,	at	publicis	sapient	.
mr.	sharp	’	s	career	at	publicis	sapient	spans	24	years	where	he	also	headed	technology	&	delivery	across	asia	pacific	and	served	in	a	variety	of	consulting	and	delivery	capacities	.
in	addition	to	numerous	professional	certifications	in	architecture	development	,	cloud	and	management	,	mr.	sharp	holds	a	degree	in	computer	engineering	from	the	royal	military	college	of	canada	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
celebrating	the	new	year	,	the	pointx	new	year	giveaway	campaign	allows	scb	and	cardx	credit	cardholders	(	except	cardx	family	plus	and	scb	m	credit	cards	)	to	download	the	pointx	application	and	transfer	their	credit	card	reward	points	to	pointx	during	1	–	31	january	2023	and	enjoy	up	to	20,000	pointx	on	top	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/topup-get-rewards-jan2023	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb/cardx	credit	card	are	as	follows	:	•	transfer	2,000-3,999	reward	points	and	get	400	pointx	on	top•	transfer	4,000-5,999	reward	points	and	get	1,000	pointx	on	top•	transfer	6,000-9,999	reward	points	and	get	1,800	pointx	on	top•	transfer	10,000-49,999	reward	points	and	get	4,000	pointx	on	top	•	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	20,000	pointx	on	top	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
celebrating	the	new	year	,	the	pointx	new	year	giveaway	campaign	allows	scb	and	cardx	credit	cardholders	(	except	cardx	family	plus	and	scb	m	credit	cards	)	to	download	the	pointx	application	and	transfer	their	credit	card	reward	points	to	pointx	during	1	–	31	january	2023	and	enjoy	up	to	20,000	pointx	on	top	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/topup-get-rewards-jan2023	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb/cardx	credit	card	are	as	follows	:	•	transfer	2,000-3,999	reward	points	and	get	400	pointx	on	top•	transfer	4,000-5,999	reward	points	and	get	1,000	pointx	on	top•	transfer	6,000-9,999	reward	points	and	get	1,800	pointx	on	top•	transfer	10,000-49,999	reward	points	and	get	4,000	pointx	on	top	•	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	20,000	pointx	on	top	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	with	more	than	25	years	of	global	professional	experience	in	engineering	,	architecture	,	consulting	and	transformation	,	mr.	sharp	is	an	innovative	technology	and	delivery	leader	.
he	has	led	client	engagements	for	some	of	the	world	’	s	largest	brands	from	north	america	,	europe	and	for	the	past	12	years	across	asia	pacific	.
over	the	course	of	his	career	,	he	has	been	responsible	for	clients	’	successful	digital	business	transformation	initiatives	,	including	unilever	,	metlife	,	ana	,	bbl	and	pandora	,	among	others	.
before	joining	scb	techx	,	mr.	sharp	served	as	managing	director	,	asean	,	at	publicis	sapient	.
mr.	sharp	’	s	career	at	publicis	sapient	spans	24	years	where	he	also	headed	technology	&	delivery	across	asia	pacific	and	served	in	a	variety	of	consulting	and	delivery	capacities	.
in	addition	to	numerous	professional	certifications	in	architecture	development	,	cloud	and	management	,	mr.	sharp	holds	a	degree	in	computer	engineering	from	the	royal	military	college	of	canada	.
with	more	than	25	years	of	global	professional	experience	in	engineering	,	architecture	,	consulting	and	transformation	,	mr.	sharp	is	an	innovative	technology	and	delivery	leader	.
he	has	led	client	engagements	for	some	of	the	world	’	s	largest	brands	from	north	america	,	europe	and	for	the	past	12	years	across	asia	pacific	.
over	the	course	of	his	career	,	he	has	been	responsible	for	clients	’	successful	digital	business	transformation	initiatives	,	including	unilever	,	metlife	,	ana	,	bbl	and	pandora	,	among	others	.
before	joining	scb	techx	,	mr.	sharp	served	as	managing	director	,	asean	,	at	publicis	sapient	.
mr.	sharp	’	s	career	at	publicis	sapient	spans	24	years	where	he	also	headed	technology	&	delivery	across	asia	pacific	and	served	in	a	variety	of	consulting	and	delivery	capacities	.
in	addition	to	numerous	professional	certifications	in	architecture	development	,	cloud	and	management	,	mr.	sharp	holds	a	degree	in	computer	engineering	from	the	royal	military	college	of	canada	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	speaking	about	the	new	joint	venture	,	scbx	chief	executive	officer	and	chairman	of	the	executive	committee	arthid	nanthawithaya	,	said	,	“	the	launch	of	the	scbx	group	’	s	mothership	strategy	aims	to	transform	it	into	a	giant	financial	technology	group	capable	of	entering	into	regional	and	global	technology	platform	markets	and	develop	our	people	’	s	technological	capabilities	to	scale	up	platforms	in	a	short	period	of	time	.
partnering	with	a	global	market	leader	in	digital	business	transformation	such	as	publicis	sapient	will	combine	the	knowledge	and	synergy	of	two	large	regional	enterprises	and	allow	them	to	jointly	develop	and	execute	our	vision	for	continuously	evolving	scb	techx	toward	one	of	the	biggest	technology	companies	in	southeast	asia	.
scb	techx	will	soon	become	instrumental	in	driving	business	and	enabling	the	scbx	group	to	achieve	its	mission	,	as	planned	,	through	the	creation	of	new	technological	capabilities	that	provide	platform-as-a-service	solutions	for	financial	businesses	and	beyond.	”	“	scb	techx	is	paving	the	way	for	a	new	class	of	technology	companies	built	with	the	express	purpose	of	helping	banks	reinvent	how	they	provide	value	to	their	customers	,	”	said	nigel	vaz	,	ceo	of	publicis	sapient	.
“	this	is	a	pivotal	moment	for	personal	finance	and	e-commerce	globally	,	but	particularly	in	southeast	asia	,	where	the	market	is	growing	exponentially	.
our	collaboration	with	the	scbx	group	brings	to	bear	the	talent	,	expertise	,	and	world-class	technology	of	both	organizations	,	resulting	in	a	new	business	that	operates	with	the	speed	of	a	digital	native	poised	to	usher	in	the	next	generation	of	technological	capabilities.	”	the	new	venture	will	be	led	by	industry	veterans	from	both	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	.
trirat	suwanprateeb	,	scb	’	s	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	technology	officer	,	was	appointed	as	ceo	of	scb	techx	,	and	jonathan	sharp	,	managing	director	at	publicis	sapient	,	will	join	the	new	venture	as	cto	.
“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	digital	technological	capabilities	to	expand	and	create	new	businesses	for	the	scbx	group	,	allowing	it	to	best	capitalize	on	innovations	and	diversified	technology	platforms	,	”	said	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	ceo	of	scb	techx	.
“	scb	techx	will	bring	technology	experience	and	cross-sector	collaboration	to	prepare	the	scbx	group	and	its	business	partners	to	meet	new	consumer	demands	and	help	them	stay	ahead	of	global	competitors	by	readying	them	for	a	future	world	led	by	digital	technology.	”	“	across	sectors	and	geographies	,	customers	have	come	to	expect	sophisticated	and	convenient	digital	banking	and	non-banking	services	that	help	them	move	through	daily	life	with	greater	ease	,	”	said	david	murphy	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	head	of	financial	services	,	emea	&	apac	.
“	it	is	imperative	that	banks	and	financial	services	organizations	retool	and	reorganize	to	become	leaders	in	these	evolving	ecosystems	that	harness	the	power	of	information	,	advanced	technology	and	frictionless	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	combines	the	technological	and	cross-sector	experience	that	will	be	integral	to	scbx	group	’	s	and	others	’	efforts	to	navigate	this	digital-first	future.	”	scb	techx	is	a	digitally	native	and	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	provider	that	develops	digital	technology	systems	which	offer	innovative	banking	services	,	such	as	credit	and	deposit	products	,	and	non-financial	services	,	such	as	food	delivery	,	health	and	wellness	content	and	online	travel	agency	services	,	and	more	,	to	both	corporate	and	general	customers	across	southeast	asia	.
a	true	cloud	native	entity	,	scb	techx	will	help	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	,	drive	significant	efficiencies	in	the	back	office	,	and	also	target	non-banking	industries	.
with	a	scalable	and	flexible	business	model	,	scb	techx	will	deliver	innovations	at	speed	.
scb	techx	is	an	extension	of	the	innovative	work	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	have	undertaken	to	develop	digital	banking	and	food	delivery	products	and	services	that	serve	a	growing	market	for	cross-functional	commerce	platforms	,	powered	by	digital	payments	and	other	fintech	capabilities	.
the	growing	popularity	and	proliferation	of	digital	payments	among	southeast	asia	’	s	consumers	has	propelled	the	region	to	become	one	of	the	fastest-growing	fintech	markets	in	the	world	.
1	the	future	of	southeast	asia	’	s	digital	financial	services	,	google	,	temasek	and	bain	&	company	2	fintech	in	thailand	,	statista	3	digital	life	index	is	based	on	a	survey	of	9,300	consumers	from	the	us	,	canada	,	australia	,	uk	,	germany	,	france	,	sweden	,	denmark	,	hong	kong	,	thailand	,	singapore	and	the	uae	,	exploring	people	’	s	behaviours	,	satisfaction	and	expectations	as	they	relate	to	their	digital	experiences	across	three	industries	:	financial	services	,	retail	and	health	.
704	consumers	in	thailand	were	surveyed	.
speaking	about	the	new	joint	venture	,	scbx	chief	executive	officer	and	chairman	of	the	executive	committee	arthid	nanthawithaya	,	said	,	“	the	launch	of	the	scbx	group	’	s	mothership	strategy	aims	to	transform	it	into	a	giant	financial	technology	group	capable	of	entering	into	regional	and	global	technology	platform	markets	and	develop	our	people	’	s	technological	capabilities	to	scale	up	platforms	in	a	short	period	of	time	.
partnering	with	a	global	market	leader	in	digital	business	transformation	such	as	publicis	sapient	will	combine	the	knowledge	and	synergy	of	two	large	regional	enterprises	and	allow	them	to	jointly	develop	and	execute	our	vision	for	continuously	evolving	scb	techx	toward	one	of	the	biggest	technology	companies	in	southeast	asia	.
scb	techx	will	soon	become	instrumental	in	driving	business	and	enabling	the	scbx	group	to	achieve	its	mission	,	as	planned	,	through	the	creation	of	new	technological	capabilities	that	provide	platform-as-a-service	solutions	for	financial	businesses	and	beyond.	”	“	scb	techx	is	paving	the	way	for	a	new	class	of	technology	companies	built	with	the	express	purpose	of	helping	banks	reinvent	how	they	provide	value	to	their	customers	,	”	said	nigel	vaz	,	ceo	of	publicis	sapient	.
“	this	is	a	pivotal	moment	for	personal	finance	and	e-commerce	globally	,	but	particularly	in	southeast	asia	,	where	the	market	is	growing	exponentially	.
our	collaboration	with	the	scbx	group	brings	to	bear	the	talent	,	expertise	,	and	world-class	technology	of	both	organizations	,	resulting	in	a	new	business	that	operates	with	the	speed	of	a	digital	native	poised	to	usher	in	the	next	generation	of	technological	capabilities.	”	the	new	venture	will	be	led	by	industry	veterans	from	both	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	.
trirat	suwanprateeb	,	scb	’	s	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	technology	officer	,	was	appointed	as	ceo	of	scb	techx	,	and	jonathan	sharp	,	managing	director	at	publicis	sapient	,	will	join	the	new	venture	as	cto	.
“	scb	techx	’	s	role	is	to	create	new	digital	technological	capabilities	to	expand	and	create	new	businesses	for	the	scbx	group	,	allowing	it	to	best	capitalize	on	innovations	and	diversified	technology	platforms	,	”	said	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	ceo	of	scb	techx	.
“	scb	techx	will	bring	technology	experience	and	cross-sector	collaboration	to	prepare	the	scbx	group	and	its	business	partners	to	meet	new	consumer	demands	and	help	them	stay	ahead	of	global	competitors	by	readying	them	for	a	future	world	led	by	digital	technology.	”	“	across	sectors	and	geographies	,	customers	have	come	to	expect	sophisticated	and	convenient	digital	banking	and	non-banking	services	that	help	them	move	through	daily	life	with	greater	ease	,	”	said	david	murphy	,	publicis	sapient	’	s	head	of	financial	services	,	emea	&	apac	.
“	it	is	imperative	that	banks	and	financial	services	organizations	retool	and	reorganize	to	become	leaders	in	these	evolving	ecosystems	that	harness	the	power	of	information	,	advanced	technology	and	frictionless	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	combines	the	technological	and	cross-sector	experience	that	will	be	integral	to	scbx	group	’	s	and	others	’	efforts	to	navigate	this	digital-first	future.	”	scb	techx	is	a	digitally	native	and	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	provider	that	develops	digital	technology	systems	which	offer	innovative	banking	services	,	such	as	credit	and	deposit	products	,	and	non-financial	services	,	such	as	food	delivery	,	health	and	wellness	content	and	online	travel	agency	services	,	and	more	,	to	both	corporate	and	general	customers	across	southeast	asia	.
a	true	cloud	native	entity	,	scb	techx	will	help	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	,	drive	significant	efficiencies	in	the	back	office	,	and	also	target	non-banking	industries	.
with	a	scalable	and	flexible	business	model	,	scb	techx	will	deliver	innovations	at	speed	.
scb	techx	is	an	extension	of	the	innovative	work	scbx	group	and	publicis	sapient	have	undertaken	to	develop	digital	banking	and	food	delivery	products	and	services	that	serve	a	growing	market	for	cross-functional	commerce	platforms	,	powered	by	digital	payments	and	other	fintech	capabilities	.
the	growing	popularity	and	proliferation	of	digital	payments	among	southeast	asia	’	s	consumers	has	propelled	the	region	to	become	one	of	the	fastest-growing	fintech	markets	in	the	world	.
1	the	future	of	southeast	asia	’	s	digital	financial	services	,	google	,	temasek	and	bain	&	company	2	fintech	in	thailand	,	statista	3	digital	life	index	is	based	on	a	survey	of	9,300	consumers	from	the	us	,	canada	,	australia	,	uk	,	germany	,	france	,	sweden	,	denmark	,	hong	kong	,	thailand	,	singapore	and	the	uae	,	exploring	people	’	s	behaviours	,	satisfaction	and	expectations	as	they	relate	to	their	digital	experiences	across	three	industries	:	financial	services	,	retail	and	health	.
704	consumers	in	thailand	were	surveyed	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	details	of	the	“	let	coffee	lovers	enjoy	coffee	every	day	”	offer	:	•	spend	with	pointx	3	times	per	month	,	get	200	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	6	times	per	month	,	get	450	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	10	times	per	month	,	get	1,000	pointx	back	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	details	of	the	“	let	coffee	lovers	enjoy	coffee	every	day	”	offer	:	•	spend	with	pointx	3	times	per	month	,	get	200	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	6	times	per	month	,	get	450	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	10	times	per	month	,	get	1,000	pointx	back	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	with	the	new	year	just	around	the	corner	,	“	pointx	”	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	launches	a	special	“	happy	everyday	”	campaign	for	customers	to	enjoy	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	when	ordering	food	,	booking	accommodations	,	or	ordering	groceries	through	the	robinhood	application	.
bringing	happiness	to	your	every	day	with	three	progressive	deals	from	november	29	,	2022	until	january	29	,	2023	:	step	1	:	redeem	points	at	a	special	rate	of	800	pointx	for	100	baht	for	the	purchase	of	goods	or	services	.
the	redemption	is	up	to	10,000	points	per	transaction	.
step	2	:	get	an	extra	discount	code	worth	up	to	300	baht	.
every	1,000	pointx	spent	will	receive	a	60-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	food	(	minimum	spend	of	350	baht	per	order	)	.
step	3	:	get	even	more	!
get	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	.
the	accumulated	spending	at	10,000	pointx	and	above	will	receive	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	travel	(	minimum	spend	of	5,000	baht	per	booking	,	limit	1	discount	code	per	user	)	.
for	further	information	,	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	concept	in	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	,	and	the	robinhood	application	at	:	with	the	new	year	just	around	the	corner	,	“	pointx	”	,	an	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	expert	under	the	scbx	group	,	launches	a	special	“	happy	everyday	”	campaign	for	customers	to	enjoy	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	when	ordering	food	,	booking	accommodations	,	or	ordering	groceries	through	the	robinhood	application	.
bringing	happiness	to	your	every	day	with	three	progressive	deals	from	november	29	,	2022	until	january	29	,	2023	:	step	1	:	redeem	points	at	a	special	rate	of	800	pointx	for	100	baht	for	the	purchase	of	goods	or	services	.
the	redemption	is	up	to	10,000	points	per	transaction	.
step	2	:	get	an	extra	discount	code	worth	up	to	300	baht	.
every	1,000	pointx	spent	will	receive	a	60-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	food	(	minimum	spend	of	350	baht	per	order	)	.
step	3	:	get	even	more	!
get	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	.
the	accumulated	spending	at	10,000	pointx	and	above	will	receive	a	1,000-baht	discount	code	for	robinhood	travel	(	minimum	spend	of	5,000	baht	per	booking	,	limit	1	discount	code	per	user	)	.
for	further	information	,	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
how	to	use	pointx	as	cash	download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	concept	in	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	,	and	the	robinhood	application	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	leading	platform-as-a-service	expert	within	the	scbx	group	headed	by	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	has	been	awarded	iso/iec	27001:2013	standard	for	information	security	management	system	(	isms	)	certification	by	bsi	group	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	branch	of	the	british	standard	institution	(	bsi	)	in	thailand	.
this	certification	recognizes	scb	techx	’	s	proficiency	in	software	development	and	encompasses	the	infrastructure	and	related	facilities	involved	.
by	obtaining	this	certification	,	scb	techx	strengthens	its	information	security	management	practices	,	fostering	trust	among	customers	,	suppliers	,	and	business	partners	.
the	company	has	demonstrated	its	ability	to	systematically	and	reliably	manage	information	security	risks	,	ensuring	the	protection	of	confidential	data	through	effective	supervision	to	prevent	leaks	while	maintaining	the	accuracy	and	integrity	of	information	.
additionally	,	scb	techx	continuously	evaluates	and	enhances	its	information	security	management	system	to	systematically	and	reliably	mitigate	information	security	risks	the	acquisition	of	iso/iec	27001:2013	certification	enhances	the	company	’	s	credibility	and	positions	it	to	attract	security-conscious	new	customers	.
this	accomplishment	underscores	scb	techx	’	s	commitment	to	becoming	one	of	southeast	asia	’	s	premier	technology	companies	by	offering	innovative	solutions	that	deliver	exceptional	customer	experiences	.
scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	leading	platform-as-a-service	expert	within	the	scbx	group	headed	by	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	,	has	been	awarded	iso/iec	27001:2013	standard	for	information	security	management	system	(	isms	)	certification	by	bsi	group	(	thailand	)	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	branch	of	the	british	standard	institution	(	bsi	)	in	thailand	.
this	certification	recognizes	scb	techx	’	s	proficiency	in	software	development	and	encompasses	the	infrastructure	and	related	facilities	involved	.
by	obtaining	this	certification	,	scb	techx	strengthens	its	information	security	management	practices	,	fostering	trust	among	customers	,	suppliers	,	and	business	partners	.
the	company	has	demonstrated	its	ability	to	systematically	and	reliably	manage	information	security	risks	,	ensuring	the	protection	of	confidential	data	through	effective	supervision	to	prevent	leaks	while	maintaining	the	accuracy	and	integrity	of	information	.
additionally	,	scb	techx	continuously	evaluates	and	enhances	its	information	security	management	system	to	systematically	and	reliably	mitigate	information	security	risks	the	acquisition	of	iso/iec	27001:2013	certification	enhances	the	company	’	s	credibility	and	positions	it	to	attract	security-conscious	new	customers	.
this	accomplishment	underscores	scb	techx	’	s	commitment	to	becoming	one	of	southeast	asia	’	s	premier	technology	companies	by	offering	innovative	solutions	that	deliver	exceptional	customer	experiences	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
celebrating	the	new	year	,	the	pointx	new	year	giveaway	campaign	allows	scb	and	cardx	credit	cardholders	(	except	cardx	family	plus	and	scb	m	credit	cards	)	to	download	the	pointx	application	and	transfer	their	credit	card	reward	points	to	pointx	during	1	–	31	january	2023	and	enjoy	up	to	20,000	pointx	on	top	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/topup-get-rewards-jan2023	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb/cardx	credit	card	are	as	follows	:	•	transfer	2,000-3,999	reward	points	and	get	400	pointx	on	top•	transfer	4,000-5,999	reward	points	and	get	1,000	pointx	on	top•	transfer	6,000-9,999	reward	points	and	get	1,800	pointx	on	top•	transfer	10,000-49,999	reward	points	and	get	4,000	pointx	on	top	•	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	20,000	pointx	on	top	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
celebrating	the	new	year	,	the	pointx	new	year	giveaway	campaign	allows	scb	and	cardx	credit	cardholders	(	except	cardx	family	plus	and	scb	m	credit	cards	)	to	download	the	pointx	application	and	transfer	their	credit	card	reward	points	to	pointx	during	1	–	31	january	2023	and	enjoy	up	to	20,000	pointx	on	top	.
for	more	information	,	call	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/topup-get-rewards-jan2023	pointx	topups	for	reward	points	transferred	from	scb/cardx	credit	card	are	as	follows	:	•	transfer	2,000-3,999	reward	points	and	get	400	pointx	on	top•	transfer	4,000-5,999	reward	points	and	get	1,000	pointx	on	top•	transfer	6,000-9,999	reward	points	and	get	1,800	pointx	on	top•	transfer	10,000-49,999	reward	points	and	get	4,000	pointx	on	top	•	transfer	50,000	reward	points	or	more	and	get	20,000	pointx	on	top	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	opens	up	a	whole	new	frontier	for	collecting	and	redeeming	reward	points	.
pointx	is	a	novel	shopping	app	created	by	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	that	focuses	on	digital	technology	.
pointx	’	s	newest	campaign	,	“	feast	without	worry	,	”	is	sure	to	make	foodies	happy	by	enabling	members	to	pay	for	food	on	the	line	man	application	with	pointx	via	the	scb	easy	application	.
between	april	1	and	may	31	,	2023	,	pointx	members	can	redeem	their	points	for	a	special	rate	of	8.5	pointx	=	1	baht	(	limited	to	2	orders	per	person	per	day	or	a	total	of	2,000	offers	during	the	promotion	period	)	.
pointx	users	can	also	order	meals	for	less	without	entering	a	discount	coupon	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	the	website	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/lineman-apr23-may23/	point	usage	instructions	for	line	man1	.
transfer	scb	credit	card	points	to	the	pointx	application	.
2.	select	a	food	item	on	the	line	man	application	and	press	the	confirm	button	,	select	“	scb	easy	”	as	the	payment	method	,	and	then	press	the	“	pay	”	button.3	.
select	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	under	“	pay	with	points.	”	4	.
confirm	the	payment	and	wait	for	the	food/drinks	to	be	delivered	directly	to	your	door	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	opens	up	a	whole	new	frontier	for	collecting	and	redeeming	reward	points	.
pointx	is	a	novel	shopping	app	created	by	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	that	focuses	on	digital	technology	.
pointx	’	s	newest	campaign	,	“	feast	without	worry	,	”	is	sure	to	make	foodies	happy	by	enabling	members	to	pay	for	food	on	the	line	man	application	with	pointx	via	the	scb	easy	application	.
between	april	1	and	may	31	,	2023	,	pointx	members	can	redeem	their	points	for	a	special	rate	of	8.5	pointx	=	1	baht	(	limited	to	2	orders	per	person	per	day	or	a	total	of	2,000	offers	during	the	promotion	period	)	.
pointx	users	can	also	order	meals	for	less	without	entering	a	discount	coupon	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	the	website	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/lineman-apr23-may23/	point	usage	instructions	for	line	man1	.
transfer	scb	credit	card	points	to	the	pointx	application	.
2.	select	a	food	item	on	the	line	man	application	and	press	the	confirm	button	,	select	“	scb	easy	”	as	the	payment	method	,	and	then	press	the	“	pay	”	button.3	.
select	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points	”	under	“	pay	with	points.	”	4	.
confirm	the	payment	and	wait	for	the	food/drinks	to	be	delivered	directly	to	your	door	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	“	pointx	”	platform	combines	every	reward	point	in	one	place	,	revolutionizing	the	way	we	use	and	accumulate	points	without	any	limitations	.
pointx	was	developed	by	scb	techx	digital	technology	experts	under	the	scbx	group	’	s	and	aims	to	elevate	the	user	experience	and	meet	the	lifestyle	needs	of	people	in	this	modern	era	.
in	the	latest	innovation	,	customers	can	use	pointx	to	pay	all	or	part	of	their	income	tax	with	points	instead	of	cash	through	the	qr	code	scan	&	pay	feature	when	submitting	and	paying	their	taxes	electronically	(	e-filing	)	on	the	revenue	department	website	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/taxpayment/	steps	to	using	pointx	for	personal	tax	payment	:	1.	submit	an	online	tax	form	via	https	:	//efiling.rd.go.th/rd-cms/and	confirm	the	tax	amount	that	must	be	paid	.
chose	qr	code	as	your	payment	method	.
2.	open	the	pointx	app	and	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	;	then	scan	the	qr	code.3	.
choose	“	pay	with	all	points	”	or	“	pay	with	some	points.	”	4	.
check	payment	information	and	exchange	rates	;	then	press	“	confirm.	”	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	“	pointx	”	platform	combines	every	reward	point	in	one	place	,	revolutionizing	the	way	we	use	and	accumulate	points	without	any	limitations	.
pointx	was	developed	by	scb	techx	digital	technology	experts	under	the	scbx	group	’	s	and	aims	to	elevate	the	user	experience	and	meet	the	lifestyle	needs	of	people	in	this	modern	era	.
in	the	latest	innovation	,	customers	can	use	pointx	to	pay	all	or	part	of	their	income	tax	with	points	instead	of	cash	through	the	qr	code	scan	&	pay	feature	when	submitting	and	paying	their	taxes	electronically	(	e-filing	)	on	the	revenue	department	website	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/taxpayment/	steps	to	using	pointx	for	personal	tax	payment	:	1.	submit	an	online	tax	form	via	https	:	//efiling.rd.go.th/rd-cms/and	confirm	the	tax	amount	that	must	be	paid	.
chose	qr	code	as	your	payment	method	.
2.	open	the	pointx	app	and	click	on	the	“	scan	”	icon	;	then	scan	the	qr	code.3	.
choose	“	pay	with	all	points	”	or	“	pay	with	some	points.	”	4	.
check	payment	information	and	exchange	rates	;	then	press	“	confirm.	”	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	dining	like	a	foodie	”	is	the	latest	promotion	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	4,600pointx	reward	points	from	double	pointx	deals	when	dining	at	bar-b-q	plaza	,	fuji	,	mk	restaurants	,	and	yayoi	and	making	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	between	1	february	2023	–	30	april	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
“	dining	like	a	foodie	”	is	the	latest	promotion	campaign	from	the	pointx	application	,	letting	customers	receive	up	to	4,600pointx	reward	points	from	double	pointx	deals	when	dining	at	bar-b-q	plaza	,	fuji	,	mk	restaurants	,	and	yayoi	and	making	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	between	1	february	2023	–	30	april	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	is	an	innovative	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	that	makes	consolidating	and	utilizing	points	instead	of	cash	a	seamless	experience	for	users	.
recently	,	pointx	launched	a	new	“	shop	for	groceries	and	pay	with	points	at	a	special	rate	9	pointx	=	1	baht	”	campaign	at	villa	market	.
this	feature	allows	users	to	make	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	for	goods	and	services	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	any	participating	villa	market	location	.
by	taking	advantage	of	this	opportunity	,	users	can	enjoy	a	special	redemption	rate	of	9	pointx	for	every	1	baht	.
each	transaction	allows	a	maximum	of	14,400	points	,	equivalent	to	spending	1,600	baht	.
a	total	of	1,200	privileges	will	be	offered	across	all	villa	market	branches	during	the	promotional	period	from	may	19	,	2023	to	july	31	,	2023.	to	learn	more	about	this	offer	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	the	website	:	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/villamarket-special-rate-mayjul23/	.
here	’	s	a	step-by-step	guide	on	how	to	pay	with	pointx	points	at	villa	market:1.	transfer	points	from	your	scb	/	cardx	credit	card	(	s	)	points	or	partner	’	s	points	into	the	pointx	application	.
2.	use	the	“	scan	”	icon	at	the	lower	menu	bar	to	scan	the	qr	code	available	at	the	store.3	.
alternatively	,	you	can	choose	the	“	pay	at	store	”	option	and	proceed	to	“	scan	&	pay	with	points	”	on	pointx.4	.
scan	the	qr	code	provided	by	the	cashier	using	the	pointx	app	to	make	your	payment	.
5.	use	the	scb	easy	app	to	pay	with	pointx	by	simply	selecting	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points.	”	6	.
review	the	payment	details	and	select	“	confirm	”	to	complete	the	transaction	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	pointx	is	an	innovative	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	that	makes	consolidating	and	utilizing	points	instead	of	cash	a	seamless	experience	for	users	.
recently	,	pointx	launched	a	new	“	shop	for	groceries	and	pay	with	points	at	a	special	rate	9	pointx	=	1	baht	”	campaign	at	villa	market	.
this	feature	allows	users	to	make	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	for	goods	and	services	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	any	participating	villa	market	location	.
by	taking	advantage	of	this	opportunity	,	users	can	enjoy	a	special	redemption	rate	of	9	pointx	for	every	1	baht	.
each	transaction	allows	a	maximum	of	14,400	points	,	equivalent	to	spending	1,600	baht	.
a	total	of	1,200	privileges	will	be	offered	across	all	villa	market	branches	during	the	promotional	period	from	may	19	,	2023	to	july	31	,	2023.	to	learn	more	about	this	offer	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	the	website	:	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/villamarket-special-rate-mayjul23/	.
here	’	s	a	step-by-step	guide	on	how	to	pay	with	pointx	points	at	villa	market:1.	transfer	points	from	your	scb	/	cardx	credit	card	(	s	)	points	or	partner	’	s	points	into	the	pointx	application	.
2.	use	the	“	scan	”	icon	at	the	lower	menu	bar	to	scan	the	qr	code	available	at	the	store.3	.
alternatively	,	you	can	choose	the	“	pay	at	store	”	option	and	proceed	to	“	scan	&	pay	with	points	”	on	pointx.4	.
scan	the	qr	code	provided	by	the	cashier	using	the	pointx	app	to	make	your	payment	.
5.	use	the	scb	easy	app	to	pay	with	pointx	by	simply	selecting	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points.	”	6	.
review	the	payment	details	and	select	“	confirm	”	to	complete	the	transaction	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	โครงการนักศึกษาฝึกงานภาคฤดูร้อนและสหกิจ	กลับมาแล้วจ้า	รายละเอียดอยากแชร์มีดังต่อไปนี้	ระยะเวลาการรับสมัครคัดเลือกรับสมัครตั้งแต่	:	วันที่	1	–	31	มกราคม	2566	ประกาศรายชื่อผู้มีสิทธิ์สัมภาษณ์	:	6	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	นัดสัมภาษณ์	virtual	interview	:	วันที่	8	–	21	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	ประกาศผลสัมภาษณ์	:	วันที่	27	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ผ่านการคัดเลือกเบื้องต้นจะได้รับการติดต่อ	ระยะเวลาการฝึกงานฝึกงาน	ช่วงปิดภาคฤดูร้อน	:	พฤษภาคม	–	มิถุนายน	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	มิถุนายน	–	กรกฎาคม	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	ฝึกงานแบบสหกิจศึกษา	:	มิถุนายน	–	ธันวาคม	2566	(	4	–	7	เดือน	)	ตำแหน่งงานที่เปิดรับสมัคร•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	ก้าวแรกแห่งการทำงานที่ท้าทายและสนุกสนานกำลังรอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่	เพียงแค่	scan	qr	code	หรือคลิ๊กลิ้งก์	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	และสมัครกันเข้ามาเลย	โดยจะเริ่มเปิดรับสมัครและพิจารณาตั้งแต่วันที่	1	มกราคม	2566	เป็นต้นไปโอกาสดี	ๆ	รอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่รีบสมัครกันเลย	!
scb	techx	internship	program	2023	summer	&	cooperative	education	internship	“	a	wonderful	opportunity	to	learn	and	uplift	your	knowledge	”	scb	techx	is	looking	for	talented	students	to	join	our	internship	program	and	cooperative	education	.
this	program	offers	you	a	great	opportunity	to	practice	,	learn	and	get	real	world	working	experience	which	will	help	you	grow	personally	and	professionally	,	shining	bright	in	your	future	career	with	plenty	of	interesting	projects	using	new-edge	technology	.
the	timeline	to	apply	and	selection	are	as	follows	.
internship	timelineapplication	period	:	1	–	31	january	2023announcement	of	the	list	of	eligible	candidates	for	an	interview	:	6	february	2023virtual	interview	:	8	–	21	february	2023announcement	of	the	selected	applicants	to	join	our	internship	program	:	27	february	2023	internship	periodsummer	internship	:	may	–	june	2023	(	2	months	)	june	–	july	2023	(	2	months	)	cooperative	internship	:	june	–	december	2023	(	4-7	months	)	opening	roles	for	intern•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	don	’	t	miss	this	great	opportunity	!
chance	to	work	in	team	&	learn	new	technical	knowledge	and	guess	,	you	will	be	our	team	in	future	so	let	’	s	shine	together	!	please	scan	qr	code	and	register	or	click	link	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	to	reserve	your	seats.we	are	looking	forward	to	seeing	you	soon	.
โครงการนักศึกษาฝึกงานภาคฤดูร้อนและสหกิจ	กลับมาแล้วจ้า	รายละเอียดอยากแชร์มีดังต่อไปนี้	ระยะเวลาการรับสมัครคัดเลือกรับสมัครตั้งแต่	:	วันที่	1	–	31	มกราคม	2566	ประกาศรายชื่อผู้มีสิทธิ์สัมภาษณ์	:	6	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	นัดสัมภาษณ์	virtual	interview	:	วันที่	8	–	21	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	ประกาศผลสัมภาษณ์	:	วันที่	27	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ผ่านการคัดเลือกเบื้องต้นจะได้รับการติดต่อ	ระยะเวลาการฝึกงานฝึกงาน	ช่วงปิดภาคฤดูร้อน	:	พฤษภาคม	–	มิถุนายน	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	มิถุนายน	–	กรกฎาคม	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	ฝึกงานแบบสหกิจศึกษา	:	มิถุนายน	–	ธันวาคม	2566	(	4	–	7	เดือน	)	ตำแหน่งงานที่เปิดรับสมัคร•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	ก้าวแรกแห่งการทำงานที่ท้าทายและสนุกสนานกำลังรอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่	เพียงแค่	scan	qr	code	หรือคลิ๊กลิ้งก์	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	และสมัครกันเข้ามาเลย	โดยจะเริ่มเปิดรับสมัครและพิจารณาตั้งแต่วันที่	1	มกราคม	2566	เป็นต้นไปโอกาสดี	ๆ	รอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่รีบสมัครกันเลย	!
scb	techx	internship	program	2023	summer	&	cooperative	education	internship	“	a	wonderful	opportunity	to	learn	and	uplift	your	knowledge	”	scb	techx	is	looking	for	talented	students	to	join	our	internship	program	and	cooperative	education	.
this	program	offers	you	a	great	opportunity	to	practice	,	learn	and	get	real	world	working	experience	which	will	help	you	grow	personally	and	professionally	,	shining	bright	in	your	future	career	with	plenty	of	interesting	projects	using	new-edge	technology	.
the	timeline	to	apply	and	selection	are	as	follows	.
internship	timelineapplication	period	:	1	–	31	january	2023announcement	of	the	list	of	eligible	candidates	for	an	interview	:	6	february	2023virtual	interview	:	8	–	21	february	2023announcement	of	the	selected	applicants	to	join	our	internship	program	:	27	february	2023	internship	periodsummer	internship	:	may	–	june	2023	(	2	months	)	june	–	july	2023	(	2	months	)	cooperative	internship	:	june	–	december	2023	(	4-7	months	)	opening	roles	for	intern•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	don	’	t	miss	this	great	opportunity	!
chance	to	work	in	team	&	learn	new	technical	knowledge	and	guess	,	you	will	be	our	team	in	future	so	let	’	s	shine	together	!	please	scan	qr	code	and	register	or	click	link	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	to	reserve	your	seats.we	are	looking	forward	to	seeing	you	soon	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	’	s	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
in	the	latest	summer	promotion	,	pointx	is	giving	away	e-coupons	worth	100	baht	each	for	the	first	30,000	new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	.
upon	successful	registration	as	a	pointx	app	user	,	customers	will	get	a	special	offer	of	1,200	pointx	for	redeeming	an	e-coupon	worth	100	baht	for	shopping	with	such	popular	brands	as	lazada	,	monline	,	shopee	,	starbucks	,	viu	,	and	more	on	the	pointx	x	store	.
they	can	also	use	the	special	points	to	pay	in	store	or	online	as	they	prefer	.
the	promotion	runs	between	7	april	–	2	june	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	using	points	like	cash	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	please	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-user-get-1200/	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	promotion	comprises	the	following	8	rounds	:	•	round	1	:	for	customers	applying	between	7	–	13	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	14	april	2023.•	round	2	:	for	customers	applying	between	14	–	20	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	21	april	2023.•	round	3	:	for	customers	applying	between	21	–	27	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	28	april	2023.•	round	4	:	for	customers	applying	between	28	april	–	4	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	5	may	2023.•	round	5	:	for	customers	applying	between	5	–	11	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	12	may	2023.•	round	6	:	for	customers	applying	between	12	–	18	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	19	may	2023.•	round	7	:	for	customers	applying	between	19	–	25	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	26	may	2023.•	round	8	:	for	customers	applying	between	26	may	–	2	june	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	3	june	2023.	the	pointx	giveaways	are	valid	for	use	until	23:59	hrs	on	31	july	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	group	’	s	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
in	the	latest	summer	promotion	,	pointx	is	giving	away	e-coupons	worth	100	baht	each	for	the	first	30,000	new	customers	who	download	the	pointx	application	.
upon	successful	registration	as	a	pointx	app	user	,	customers	will	get	a	special	offer	of	1,200	pointx	for	redeeming	an	e-coupon	worth	100	baht	for	shopping	with	such	popular	brands	as	lazada	,	monline	,	shopee	,	starbucks	,	viu	,	and	more	on	the	pointx	x	store	.
they	can	also	use	the	special	points	to	pay	in	store	or	online	as	they	prefer	.
the	promotion	runs	between	7	april	–	2	june	2023.	enjoy	the	freedom	of	using	points	like	cash	with	pointx	now	.
for	more	information	,	please	call	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/new-user-get-1200/	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	promotion	comprises	the	following	8	rounds	:	•	round	1	:	for	customers	applying	between	7	–	13	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	14	april	2023.•	round	2	:	for	customers	applying	between	14	–	20	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	21	april	2023.•	round	3	:	for	customers	applying	between	21	–	27	april	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	28	april	2023.•	round	4	:	for	customers	applying	between	28	april	–	4	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	5	may	2023.•	round	5	:	for	customers	applying	between	5	–	11	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	12	may	2023.•	round	6	:	for	customers	applying	between	12	–	18	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	19	may	2023.•	round	7	:	for	customers	applying	between	19	–	25	may	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	26	may	2023.•	round	8	:	for	customers	applying	between	26	may	–	2	june	2023	,	the	1,200	pointx	giveaway	will	be	made	available	on	3	june	2023.	the	pointx	giveaways	are	valid	for	use	until	23:59	hrs	on	31	july	2023.	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	pointx	is	an	innovative	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	that	makes	consolidating	and	utilizing	points	instead	of	cash	a	seamless	experience	for	users	.
recently	,	pointx	launched	a	new	“	shop	for	groceries	and	pay	with	points	at	a	special	rate	9	pointx	=	1	baht	”	campaign	at	villa	market	.
this	feature	allows	users	to	make	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	for	goods	and	services	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	any	participating	villa	market	location	.
by	taking	advantage	of	this	opportunity	,	users	can	enjoy	a	special	redemption	rate	of	9	pointx	for	every	1	baht	.
each	transaction	allows	a	maximum	of	14,400	points	,	equivalent	to	spending	1,600	baht	.
a	total	of	1,200	privileges	will	be	offered	across	all	villa	market	branches	during	the	promotional	period	from	may	19	,	2023	to	july	31	,	2023.	to	learn	more	about	this	offer	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	the	website	:	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/villamarket-special-rate-mayjul23/	.
here	’	s	a	step-by-step	guide	on	how	to	pay	with	pointx	points	at	villa	market:1.	transfer	points	from	your	scb	/	cardx	credit	card	(	s	)	points	or	partner	’	s	points	into	the	pointx	application	.
2.	use	the	“	scan	”	icon	at	the	lower	menu	bar	to	scan	the	qr	code	available	at	the	store.3	.
alternatively	,	you	can	choose	the	“	pay	at	store	”	option	and	proceed	to	“	scan	&	pay	with	points	”	on	pointx.4	.
scan	the	qr	code	provided	by	the	cashier	using	the	pointx	app	to	make	your	payment	.
5.	use	the	scb	easy	app	to	pay	with	pointx	by	simply	selecting	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points.	”	6	.
review	the	payment	details	and	select	“	confirm	”	to	complete	the	transaction	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	pointx	is	an	innovative	platform	developed	by	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology	company	under	the	scbx	group	that	makes	consolidating	and	utilizing	points	instead	of	cash	a	seamless	experience	for	users	.
recently	,	pointx	launched	a	new	“	shop	for	groceries	and	pay	with	points	at	a	special	rate	9	pointx	=	1	baht	”	campaign	at	villa	market	.
this	feature	allows	users	to	make	a	qr	code	payment	(	scan	&	pay	)	for	goods	and	services	using	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	any	participating	villa	market	location	.
by	taking	advantage	of	this	opportunity	,	users	can	enjoy	a	special	redemption	rate	of	9	pointx	for	every	1	baht	.
each	transaction	allows	a	maximum	of	14,400	points	,	equivalent	to	spending	1,600	baht	.
a	total	of	1,200	privileges	will	be	offered	across	all	villa	market	branches	during	the	promotional	period	from	may	19	,	2023	to	july	31	,	2023.	to	learn	more	about	this	offer	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	the	website	:	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/villamarket-special-rate-mayjul23/	.
here	’	s	a	step-by-step	guide	on	how	to	pay	with	pointx	points	at	villa	market:1.	transfer	points	from	your	scb	/	cardx	credit	card	(	s	)	points	or	partner	’	s	points	into	the	pointx	application	.
2.	use	the	“	scan	”	icon	at	the	lower	menu	bar	to	scan	the	qr	code	available	at	the	store.3	.
alternatively	,	you	can	choose	the	“	pay	at	store	”	option	and	proceed	to	“	scan	&	pay	with	points	”	on	pointx.4	.
scan	the	qr	code	provided	by	the	cashier	using	the	pointx	app	to	make	your	payment	.
5.	use	the	scb	easy	app	to	pay	with	pointx	by	simply	selecting	“	all	points	”	or	“	partial	points.	”	6	.
review	the	payment	details	and	select	“	confirm	”	to	complete	the	transaction	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	shoppers	with	ample	points	get	ready	for	pointx	’	s	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	.
developed	by	scbx	group	’	s	specialized	digital	technology	company	“	scb	techx	”	,	the	pointx	platform	combines	all	accumulated	points	in	one	place	to	transform	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
customers	will	receive	up	to	21,000	pointx	in	points	back	when	purchasing	products	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	the	x	store	,	a	source	of	great	value	products	from	a	variety	of	categories	for	every	lifestyle	.
with	a	maximum	of	six	privileges	per	person	,	shoppers	will	earn	up	to	3,500	pointx	back	per	purchase	and	up	to	21,000	pointx	throughout	the	promotion	period	,	which	runs	from	march	1	,	2023	to	may	31	,	2023.	take	advantage	of	the	promotion	at	the	x	store	in	the	pointx	app	,	where	you	can	find	products	from	a	variety	of	popular	brands	at	attractive	prices	.
spend	more	and	get	more	points	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//pointx.scb/xstore-shop-everyday/	.
details	of	receiving	pointx	back	for	the	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	:	•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	500	pointx	back•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	1,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	20,000	–	29,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	2,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	30,000	pointx/purchase	or	more	,	get	3,500	pointx	backdownload	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	shoppers	with	ample	points	get	ready	for	pointx	’	s	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	.
developed	by	scbx	group	’	s	specialized	digital	technology	company	“	scb	techx	”	,	the	pointx	platform	combines	all	accumulated	points	in	one	place	to	transform	the	experience	of	using	and	accumulating	points	to	be	used	like	cash	.
customers	will	receive	up	to	21,000	pointx	in	points	back	when	purchasing	products	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	at	the	x	store	,	a	source	of	great	value	products	from	a	variety	of	categories	for	every	lifestyle	.
with	a	maximum	of	six	privileges	per	person	,	shoppers	will	earn	up	to	3,500	pointx	back	per	purchase	and	up	to	21,000	pointx	throughout	the	promotion	period	,	which	runs	from	march	1	,	2023	to	may	31	,	2023.	take	advantage	of	the	promotion	at	the	x	store	in	the	pointx	app	,	where	you	can	find	products	from	a	variety	of	popular	brands	at	attractive	prices	.
spend	more	and	get	more	points	.
for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	at	02-777-7777	or	visit	https	:	//pointx.scb/xstore-shop-everyday/	.
details	of	receiving	pointx	back	for	the	“	extravagant	add-to-cart	at	x	store	”	campaign	:	•	pay	with	5,000	–	9,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	500	pointx	back•	pay	with	10,000	–	19,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	1,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	20,000	–	29,999	pointx/purchase	,	get	2,000	pointx	back•	pay	with	30,000	pointx/purchase	or	more	,	get	3,500	pointx	backdownload	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	โครงการนักศึกษาฝึกงานภาคฤดูร้อนและสหกิจ	กลับมาแล้วจ้า	รายละเอียดอยากแชร์มีดังต่อไปนี้	ระยะเวลาการรับสมัครคัดเลือกรับสมัครตั้งแต่	:	วันที่	1	–	31	มกราคม	2566	ประกาศรายชื่อผู้มีสิทธิ์สัมภาษณ์	:	6	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	นัดสัมภาษณ์	virtual	interview	:	วันที่	8	–	21	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	ประกาศผลสัมภาษณ์	:	วันที่	27	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ผ่านการคัดเลือกเบื้องต้นจะได้รับการติดต่อ	ระยะเวลาการฝึกงานฝึกงาน	ช่วงปิดภาคฤดูร้อน	:	พฤษภาคม	–	มิถุนายน	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	มิถุนายน	–	กรกฎาคม	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	ฝึกงานแบบสหกิจศึกษา	:	มิถุนายน	–	ธันวาคม	2566	(	4	–	7	เดือน	)	ตำแหน่งงานที่เปิดรับสมัคร•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	ก้าวแรกแห่งการทำงานที่ท้าทายและสนุกสนานกำลังรอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่	เพียงแค่	scan	qr	code	หรือคลิ๊กลิ้งก์	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	และสมัครกันเข้ามาเลย	โดยจะเริ่มเปิดรับสมัครและพิจารณาตั้งแต่วันที่	1	มกราคม	2566	เป็นต้นไปโอกาสดี	ๆ	รอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่รีบสมัครกันเลย	!
scb	techx	internship	program	2023	summer	&	cooperative	education	internship	“	a	wonderful	opportunity	to	learn	and	uplift	your	knowledge	”	scb	techx	is	looking	for	talented	students	to	join	our	internship	program	and	cooperative	education	.
this	program	offers	you	a	great	opportunity	to	practice	,	learn	and	get	real	world	working	experience	which	will	help	you	grow	personally	and	professionally	,	shining	bright	in	your	future	career	with	plenty	of	interesting	projects	using	new-edge	technology	.
the	timeline	to	apply	and	selection	are	as	follows	.
internship	timelineapplication	period	:	1	–	31	january	2023announcement	of	the	list	of	eligible	candidates	for	an	interview	:	6	february	2023virtual	interview	:	8	–	21	february	2023announcement	of	the	selected	applicants	to	join	our	internship	program	:	27	february	2023	internship	periodsummer	internship	:	may	–	june	2023	(	2	months	)	june	–	july	2023	(	2	months	)	cooperative	internship	:	june	–	december	2023	(	4-7	months	)	opening	roles	for	intern•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	don	’	t	miss	this	great	opportunity	!
chance	to	work	in	team	&	learn	new	technical	knowledge	and	guess	,	you	will	be	our	team	in	future	so	let	’	s	shine	together	!	please	scan	qr	code	and	register	or	click	link	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	to	reserve	your	seats.we	are	looking	forward	to	seeing	you	soon	.
โครงการนักศึกษาฝึกงานภาคฤดูร้อนและสหกิจ	กลับมาแล้วจ้า	รายละเอียดอยากแชร์มีดังต่อไปนี้	ระยะเวลาการรับสมัครคัดเลือกรับสมัครตั้งแต่	:	วันที่	1	–	31	มกราคม	2566	ประกาศรายชื่อผู้มีสิทธิ์สัมภาษณ์	:	6	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	นัดสัมภาษณ์	virtual	interview	:	วันที่	8	–	21	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	ประกาศผลสัมภาษณ์	:	วันที่	27	กุมภาพันธ์	2566	*	เฉพาะผู้สมัครที่ผ่านการคัดเลือกเบื้องต้นจะได้รับการติดต่อ	ระยะเวลาการฝึกงานฝึกงาน	ช่วงปิดภาคฤดูร้อน	:	พฤษภาคม	–	มิถุนายน	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	มิถุนายน	–	กรกฎาคม	2566	(	2	เดือน	)	ฝึกงานแบบสหกิจศึกษา	:	มิถุนายน	–	ธันวาคม	2566	(	4	–	7	เดือน	)	ตำแหน่งงานที่เปิดรับสมัคร•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	ก้าวแรกแห่งการทำงานที่ท้าทายและสนุกสนานกำลังรอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่	เพียงแค่	scan	qr	code	หรือคลิ๊กลิ้งก์	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	และสมัครกันเข้ามาเลย	โดยจะเริ่มเปิดรับสมัครและพิจารณาตั้งแต่วันที่	1	มกราคม	2566	เป็นต้นไปโอกาสดี	ๆ	รอน้อง	ๆ	อยู่รีบสมัครกันเลย	!
scb	techx	internship	program	2023	summer	&	cooperative	education	internship	“	a	wonderful	opportunity	to	learn	and	uplift	your	knowledge	”	scb	techx	is	looking	for	talented	students	to	join	our	internship	program	and	cooperative	education	.
this	program	offers	you	a	great	opportunity	to	practice	,	learn	and	get	real	world	working	experience	which	will	help	you	grow	personally	and	professionally	,	shining	bright	in	your	future	career	with	plenty	of	interesting	projects	using	new-edge	technology	.
the	timeline	to	apply	and	selection	are	as	follows	.
internship	timelineapplication	period	:	1	–	31	january	2023announcement	of	the	list	of	eligible	candidates	for	an	interview	:	6	february	2023virtual	interview	:	8	–	21	february	2023announcement	of	the	selected	applicants	to	join	our	internship	program	:	27	february	2023	internship	periodsummer	internship	:	may	–	june	2023	(	2	months	)	june	–	july	2023	(	2	months	)	cooperative	internship	:	june	–	december	2023	(	4-7	months	)	opening	roles	for	intern•	software	engineer•	software	qa	engineer•	data	science•	business	analyst•	system	analyst•	platform	service	engineer•	hr	(	recruitment	)	don	’	t	miss	this	great	opportunity	!
chance	to	work	in	team	&	learn	new	technical	knowledge	and	guess	,	you	will	be	our	team	in	future	so	let	’	s	shine	together	!	please	scan	qr	code	and	register	or	click	link	https	:	//bit.ly/3gngbsx	to	reserve	your	seats.we	are	looking	forward	to	seeing	you	soon	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology-focused	subsidiary	of	the	scb	x	group	,	was	able	to	secure	a	top	three	spot	for	best	employer	brand	in	the	linkedin	talent	awards	2022.	awarded	to	firms	with	fewer	than	1,000	employees	,	scb	techx	competed	for	the	award	against	500	other	organizations	in	thailand	.
this	honor	goes	to	outstanding	users	of	the	linkedin	site	who	facilitate	professional	networking	and	the	dissemination	of	employment	opportunities	.
follower	count	,	pageviews	,	comments	,	and	overall	interactions	are	all	indicators	of	success	on	linkedin	,	and	scb	techx	uses	its	resources	to	improve	and	expand	relevant	knowledge	for	target	audiences	and	establish	strong	social	media	connections	.
this	recognition	will	help	scb	techx	continue	to	build	its	reputation	as	an	employer	of	choice	among	the	best	and	brightest	in	the	technology	industry	.
since	2021	,	scb	techx	has	leveraged	the	networking	and	professional-development	capabilities	of	the	linkedin	platform	to	connect	with	and	recruit	top-tier	technological	talent	.
through	the	presentation	of	its	many	activities	,	the	company	also	uses	the	platform	to	expand	its	own	grasp	of	technological	developments	and	innovations	,	as	well	as	the	perspectives	of	its	employees	,	corporate	culture	,	and	the	broader	business	community	.
scb	techx	has	seen	a	518	%	increase	in	followers	on	the	linkedin	platform	as	of	march	2023	,	indicating	the	interest	of	the	millennial	generation	.
anyone	interested	in	scb	techx	and	its	mission	can	find	more	details	at	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	and	https	:	//scbtechx.io/	scb	techx	,	a	digital	technology-focused	subsidiary	of	the	scb	x	group	,	was	able	to	secure	a	top	three	spot	for	best	employer	brand	in	the	linkedin	talent	awards	2022.	awarded	to	firms	with	fewer	than	1,000	employees	,	scb	techx	competed	for	the	award	against	500	other	organizations	in	thailand	.
this	honor	goes	to	outstanding	users	of	the	linkedin	site	who	facilitate	professional	networking	and	the	dissemination	of	employment	opportunities	.
follower	count	,	pageviews	,	comments	,	and	overall	interactions	are	all	indicators	of	success	on	linkedin	,	and	scb	techx	uses	its	resources	to	improve	and	expand	relevant	knowledge	for	target	audiences	and	establish	strong	social	media	connections	.
this	recognition	will	help	scb	techx	continue	to	build	its	reputation	as	an	employer	of	choice	among	the	best	and	brightest	in	the	technology	industry	.
since	2021	,	scb	techx	has	leveraged	the	networking	and	professional-development	capabilities	of	the	linkedin	platform	to	connect	with	and	recruit	top-tier	technological	talent	.
through	the	presentation	of	its	many	activities	,	the	company	also	uses	the	platform	to	expand	its	own	grasp	of	technological	developments	and	innovations	,	as	well	as	the	perspectives	of	its	employees	,	corporate	culture	,	and	the	broader	business	community	.
scb	techx	has	seen	a	518	%	increase	in	followers	on	the	linkedin	platform	as	of	march	2023	,	indicating	the	interest	of	the	millennial	generation	.
anyone	interested	in	scb	techx	and	its	mission	can	find	more	details	at	https	:	//www.linkedin.com/company/scb-tech-x/	and	https	:	//scbtechx.io/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	released	a	unified	platform	called	“	pointx	”	to	revolutionize	the	way	reward	points	are	earned	and	redeemed	.
with	the	introduction	of	its	online	“	x	store	,	”	the	company	hopes	to	attract	customers	who	have	credit	card	reward	points	that	they	have	not	yet	redeemed	by	offering	the	best	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	at	discounted	prices	from	well-known	brands	.
the	app	lets	customers	use	their	points	for	flash	deals	and	other	special	priced	items	.
further	,	every	month	the	app	will	highlight	fantastic	“	x	deals	,	”	and	this	october	the	app	will	debut	a	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	to	celebrate	the	halloween	season	.
no	tricks	,	just	treats	!
save	up	to	60	%	on	participating	deals	at	x	store	when	using	pointx	to	make	purchase	in	place	of	cash	during	26-31	october	2022.	keen	shoppers	,	treat	yourselves	to	this	halloween	sale	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	“	pointx	’	s	origins	can	be	traced	back	to	an	initiative	to	address	prevalent	issues	with	utilizing	credit	card	reward	points	,	which	are	kept	in	several	locations	.
that	’	s	why	we	built	the	pointx	app	,	where	users	can	pool	all	of	their	points	into	a	single	account	.
it	’	s	an	innovative	system	for	collecting	and	spending	points	.
we	have	also	selected	and	assembled	exceptional	discounts	on	the	“	x	store	,	”	which	will	feature	great	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	of	well-known	brands	across	both	budget	and	high-end	retail	outlets	.
earned	points	are	easily	used	for	flash	specials	and	other	limited-time	discounts	.
what	’	s	more	,	each	month	pointx	will	feature	exclusive	discounts	designed	to	encourage	customers	to	use	their	points	.
in	celebration	of	the	upcoming	halloween	holiday	,	we	have	introduced	a	new	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	that	will	give	customers	a	discount	of	up	to	60	%	when	they	use	pointx	to	make	purchases	at	x	store	on	the	platform	between	26	and	31	october	.
it	is	our	intention	that	this	campaign	will	provide	the	new	generation	with	yet	another	convenient	alternative	to	spending	cash	by	giving	them	the	opportunity	to	use	points	instead	of	cash	in	any	situation	.
a	variety	of	new	offerings	from	the	company	are	in	the	works	.
those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	released	a	unified	platform	called	“	pointx	”	to	revolutionize	the	way	reward	points	are	earned	and	redeemed	.
with	the	introduction	of	its	online	“	x	store	,	”	the	company	hopes	to	attract	customers	who	have	credit	card	reward	points	that	they	have	not	yet	redeemed	by	offering	the	best	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	at	discounted	prices	from	well-known	brands	.
the	app	lets	customers	use	their	points	for	flash	deals	and	other	special	priced	items	.
further	,	every	month	the	app	will	highlight	fantastic	“	x	deals	,	”	and	this	october	the	app	will	debut	a	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	to	celebrate	the	halloween	season	.
no	tricks	,	just	treats	!
save	up	to	60	%	on	participating	deals	at	x	store	when	using	pointx	to	make	purchase	in	place	of	cash	during	26-31	october	2022.	keen	shoppers	,	treat	yourselves	to	this	halloween	sale	!
scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	“	pointx	’	s	origins	can	be	traced	back	to	an	initiative	to	address	prevalent	issues	with	utilizing	credit	card	reward	points	,	which	are	kept	in	several	locations	.
that	’	s	why	we	built	the	pointx	app	,	where	users	can	pool	all	of	their	points	into	a	single	account	.
it	’	s	an	innovative	system	for	collecting	and	spending	points	.
we	have	also	selected	and	assembled	exceptional	discounts	on	the	“	x	store	,	”	which	will	feature	great	value	products	across	more	than	ten	categories	of	well-known	brands	across	both	budget	and	high-end	retail	outlets	.
earned	points	are	easily	used	for	flash	specials	and	other	limited-time	discounts	.
what	’	s	more	,	each	month	pointx	will	feature	exclusive	discounts	designed	to	encourage	customers	to	use	their	points	.
in	celebration	of	the	upcoming	halloween	holiday	,	we	have	introduced	a	new	“	halloween	spooktacular	x	deal	”	that	will	give	customers	a	discount	of	up	to	60	%	when	they	use	pointx	to	make	purchases	at	x	store	on	the	platform	between	26	and	31	october	.
it	is	our	intention	that	this	campaign	will	provide	the	new	generation	with	yet	another	convenient	alternative	to	spending	cash	by	giving	them	the	opportunity	to	use	points	instead	of	cash	in	any	situation	.
a	variety	of	new	offerings	from	the	company	are	in	the	works	.
those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	online	shopping	fans	will	be	overjoyed	to	learn	that	pointx	,	a	new	unified	platform	developed	by	digital-focused	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	,	will	be	launching	the	biggest	surprise	campaign	of	the	year	in	celebration	of	the	highly	anticipated	11.11	shopping	day	.
shoppers	can	use	pointx	instead	of	cash	on	major	e-commerce	sites	like	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
pointx	points	can	be	redeemed	at	a	special	rate	of	5	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	on	11	november	2022	,	or	at	a	rate	of	9	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	from	9	through	10	november	and	from	12	through	13	november	2022.	shoppers	looking	for	a	one-stop-shop	that	has	everything	they	could	possibly	want	can	find	it	at	x	store	,	where	they	can	take	advantage	of	exciting	sales	and	discounts	on	products	from	a	wide	range	of	categories	and	well-known	brands	.
from	9	–	13	november	2022	,	customers	can	shop	online	with	a	discount	of	up	to	50	%	at	the	“	x	store	”	on	the	platform	and	pay	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	.
to	learn	more	,	visit	www.pointx.scb	or	call	the	scb	call	center	at	(	02	)	777-7777.	instructions	on	how	to	use	pointx	in	place	of	cash	at	the	x	store	those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	online	shopping	fans	will	be	overjoyed	to	learn	that	pointx	,	a	new	unified	platform	developed	by	digital-focused	scb	techx	,	a	member	of	the	scbx	group	,	will	be	launching	the	biggest	surprise	campaign	of	the	year	in	celebration	of	the	highly	anticipated	11.11	shopping	day	.
shoppers	can	use	pointx	instead	of	cash	on	major	e-commerce	sites	like	jd	central	,	lazada	,	and	shopee	.
pointx	points	can	be	redeemed	at	a	special	rate	of	5	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	on	11	november	2022	,	or	at	a	rate	of	9	pointx	equal	to	1	baht	from	9	through	10	november	and	from	12	through	13	november	2022.	shoppers	looking	for	a	one-stop-shop	that	has	everything	they	could	possibly	want	can	find	it	at	x	store	,	where	they	can	take	advantage	of	exciting	sales	and	discounts	on	products	from	a	wide	range	of	categories	and	well-known	brands	.
from	9	–	13	november	2022	,	customers	can	shop	online	with	a	discount	of	up	to	50	%	at	the	“	x	store	”	on	the	platform	and	pay	with	pointx	instead	of	cash	.
to	learn	more	,	visit	www.pointx.scb	or	call	the	scb	call	center	at	(	02	)	777-7777.	instructions	on	how	to	use	pointx	in	place	of	cash	at	the	x	store	those	interested	in	the	new	infinite	concept	of	accumulating	and	spending	points	anywhere	as	if	they	were	cash	can	download	the	“	pointx	”	application	as	follows	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
as	a	thank	you	to	a	warm	response	from	users	,	pointx	is	now	offering	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	promotion	campaign	for	customers	to	celebrate	the	festive	season	and	enjoy	month-end	shopping	with	points	at	a	special	month-end	redemption	rate	of	1,000	pointx	for	200	baht	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
developed	by	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	pointx	lets	customers	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	enjoy	a	new	shopping	experience	.
as	a	thank	you	to	a	warm	response	from	users	,	pointx	is	now	offering	a	“	scan	&	pay	”	promotion	campaign	for	customers	to	celebrate	the	festive	season	and	enjoy	month-end	shopping	with	points	at	a	special	month-end	redemption	rate	of	1,000	pointx	for	200	baht	at	the	mall	group	department	stores	between	26	–	30	november	and	27	–	31	december	2022.	for	more	information	,	please	contact	the	scb	call	center	02-777-7777	or	visit	www.pointx.scb	.
download	the	pointx	application	,	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	digitally	native	,	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	business	that	provides	innovative	banking	and	non-banking	services	to	commercial	institutions	and	consumers	throughout	southeast	asia	,	today	announced	the	appointment	of	trirat	suwanprateeb	as	its	chief	executive	officer	(	ceo	)	.
mr.	suwanprateeb	will	oversee	the	company	and	lead	the	organization	’	s	efforts	to	help	financial	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	in	an	increasingly	digital-first	world	.
a	subsidiary	of	the	scb	group	,	scb	techx	provides	sophisticated	technology	solutions	,	consulting	and	digital	platform	development	to	enable	its	clients	to	focus	on	their	customers	and	provide	a	superior	user	experience	.
the	company	meets	client	demands	for	innovative	technology	solutions	that	position	them	for	long-term	growth	.
“	i	’	m	incredibly	excited	to	be	leading	scb	techx	as	its	ceo	and	look	forward	to	delivering	innovative	technologies	and	capabilities	that	will	enable	our	clients	to	stay	ahead	of	the	technology	curve	and	serve	their	customers	who	expect	superior	experiences	,	”	said	scb	techx	ceo	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	.
“	as	consumer	demands	evolve	,	so	will	our	solutions	as	we	strive	to	offer	a	diverse	range	of	globally	competitive	fintech	and	technology	platforms.	”	scb	techx	intends	to	be	among	the	best	fintech	platform	players	in	the	asean	region	within	the	next	five	years	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	is	a	knowledgeable	and	experienced	specialist	in	the	field	of	technology	operations	and	platforms	,	with	a	focus	on	financial	services	.
he	joined	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	in	2011	and	has	held	a	number	of	senior	executive	positions	,	playing	a	crucial	role	in	developing	the	bank	’	s	technology	infrastructure	.
previously	,	mr.	suwanprateeb	worked	as	an	executive	it	specialist	at	ibm	thailand	for	21	years	and	as	a	project	engineer	at	abb	thailand	.
he	holds	a	bachelor	of	engineering	and	an	mba	from	chulalongkorn	university	.
scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	,	a	digitally	native	,	industry-leading	platform-as-a-service	business	that	provides	innovative	banking	and	non-banking	services	to	commercial	institutions	and	consumers	throughout	southeast	asia	,	today	announced	the	appointment	of	trirat	suwanprateeb	as	its	chief	executive	officer	(	ceo	)	.
mr.	suwanprateeb	will	oversee	the	company	and	lead	the	organization	’	s	efforts	to	help	financial	institutions	reinvent	how	they	engage	with	their	customers	in	an	increasingly	digital-first	world	.
a	subsidiary	of	the	scb	group	,	scb	techx	provides	sophisticated	technology	solutions	,	consulting	and	digital	platform	development	to	enable	its	clients	to	focus	on	their	customers	and	provide	a	superior	user	experience	.
the	company	meets	client	demands	for	innovative	technology	solutions	that	position	them	for	long-term	growth	.
“	i	’	m	incredibly	excited	to	be	leading	scb	techx	as	its	ceo	and	look	forward	to	delivering	innovative	technologies	and	capabilities	that	will	enable	our	clients	to	stay	ahead	of	the	technology	curve	and	serve	their	customers	who	expect	superior	experiences	,	”	said	scb	techx	ceo	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	.
“	as	consumer	demands	evolve	,	so	will	our	solutions	as	we	strive	to	offer	a	diverse	range	of	globally	competitive	fintech	and	technology	platforms.	”	scb	techx	intends	to	be	among	the	best	fintech	platform	players	in	the	asean	region	within	the	next	five	years	.
mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	is	a	knowledgeable	and	experienced	specialist	in	the	field	of	technology	operations	and	platforms	,	with	a	focus	on	financial	services	.
he	joined	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	in	2011	and	has	held	a	number	of	senior	executive	positions	,	playing	a	crucial	role	in	developing	the	bank	’	s	technology	infrastructure	.
previously	,	mr.	suwanprateeb	worked	as	an	executive	it	specialist	at	ibm	thailand	for	21	years	and	as	a	project	engineer	at	abb	thailand	.
he	holds	a	bachelor	of	engineering	and	an	mba	from	chulalongkorn	university	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	details	of	the	“	let	coffee	lovers	enjoy	coffee	every	day	”	offer	:	•	spend	with	pointx	3	times	per	month	,	get	200	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	6	times	per	month	,	get	450	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	10	times	per	month	,	get	1,000	pointx	back	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	details	of	the	“	let	coffee	lovers	enjoy	coffee	every	day	”	offer	:	•	spend	with	pointx	3	times	per	month	,	get	200	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	6	times	per	month	,	get	450	pointx	back.•	spend	with	pointx	10	times	per	month	,	get	1,000	pointx	back	.
download	the	pointx	application	for	a	new	world	of	unlimited	point	accumulation	and	redemption	at	:	•	for	more	information	,	visit	https	:	//www.pointx.scb/	scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
ไทย	scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	introduced	pointx	,	the	latest	platform	development	.
it	is	a	new	world	that	lets	reward	point	collectors	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	for	purchases	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	get	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	via	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	bonus	rates	every	day	.
the	pointx	application	is	starting	pilot	services	for	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	before	rolling	out	to	scb	’	s	other	customer	segments	and	other	business	partners	in	the	future	.
scb	techx	expects	some	300,000	downloads	of	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	2022.	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	scb	techx	is	developing	new	capabilities	in	advanced	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	innovation	to	add	value	and	develop	new	business	models	for	business	partners	and	corporations	as	well	as	scbx	companies	.
pointx	is	our	latest	platform	development	addressing	a	major	pain	point	among	reward	point	collectors	,	that	is	,	their	reward	points	are	scattered	across	different	platforms	.
with	a	development	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
in	the	first	phase	,	we	have	joined	hands	with	scb	to	offer	pilot	services	to	scb	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	as	the	first	group	to	try	this	new	experience	,	before	rolling	out	to	other	scb	customer	segments	.
we	also	welcome	business	partners	interested	in	the	platform	and	who	see	the	benefits	of	adding	business	value	and	developing	an	ecosystem	to	promote	and	drive	a	new	world	of	using	reward	points	like	cash	.
we	expect	to	see	some	300,000	customers	downloading	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	this	year.	”	speaking	about	the	new	application	,	scb	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	wealth	banking	officer	mr.	yunyong	thaicharoen	noted	that	,	“	scb	is	continuously	offering	new	financial	experiences	in	response	to	our	customers	’	changing	lifestyles	in	a	new	world	context	.
according	to	a	joint	study	of	scb	cardholders	conducted	by	scb	and	scb	techx	,	most	scb	cardholders	holding	reward	points	are	in	the	scb	wealth	segment	and	enjoy	higher	purchasing	power	.
more	specifically	,	there	are	two	main	groups	.
the	first	group	contains	scb	cardholders	having	between	5,000	–	50,000	reward	points	.
they	usually	redeem	reward	points	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	,	obtaining	discounts	,	and	for	wealth	investment	.
the	second	group	is	composed	of	those	having	between	50,000	–	500,000	reward	points	.
they	redeem	reward	points	at	a	higher	rate	than	other	groups	,	mostly	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	and	travel	deals	.
these	two	groups	account	for	some	60	%	of	scb	credit	cardholders	in	reward	point	programs	.
we	do	hope	that	this	partnership	will	unlock	scb	wealth	credit	cardholders	’	ability	including	scb	private	banking	,	scb	first	and	scb	prime	to	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	and	enjoy	even	more	daily	spending.	”	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	pay	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	enjoy	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	at	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	extra	rates	every	day	.
scb	techx	,	an	scbx	company	specializing	in	digital	technology	,	has	introduced	pointx	,	the	latest	platform	development	.
it	is	a	new	world	that	lets	reward	point	collectors	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	for	purchases	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	get	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	via	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	bonus	rates	every	day	.
the	pointx	application	is	starting	pilot	services	for	siam	commercial	bank	(	scb	)	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	before	rolling	out	to	scb	’	s	other	customer	segments	and	other	business	partners	in	the	future	.
scb	techx	expects	some	300,000	downloads	of	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	2022.	scb	techx	chief	executive	officer	mr.	trirat	suwanprateeb	said	,	“	scb	techx	is	developing	new	capabilities	in	advanced	digital	technology	,	platforms	,	and	innovation	to	add	value	and	develop	new	business	models	for	business	partners	and	corporations	as	well	as	scbx	companies	.
pointx	is	our	latest	platform	development	addressing	a	major	pain	point	among	reward	point	collectors	,	that	is	,	their	reward	points	are	scattered	across	different	platforms	.
with	a	development	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	that	unlocks	customers	from	the	way	they	used	to	deal	with	reward	points	.
in	the	first	phase	,	we	have	joined	hands	with	scb	to	offer	pilot	services	to	scb	credit	cardholders	with	reward	point	programs	as	the	first	group	to	try	this	new	experience	,	before	rolling	out	to	other	scb	customer	segments	.
we	also	welcome	business	partners	interested	in	the	platform	and	who	see	the	benefits	of	adding	business	value	and	developing	an	ecosystem	to	promote	and	drive	a	new	world	of	using	reward	points	like	cash	.
we	expect	to	see	some	300,000	customers	downloading	the	pointx	application	by	the	end	of	this	year.	”	speaking	about	the	new	application	,	scb	senior	executive	vice	president	and	chief	wealth	banking	officer	mr.	yunyong	thaicharoen	noted	that	,	“	scb	is	continuously	offering	new	financial	experiences	in	response	to	our	customers	’	changing	lifestyles	in	a	new	world	context	.
according	to	a	joint	study	of	scb	cardholders	conducted	by	scb	and	scb	techx	,	most	scb	cardholders	holding	reward	points	are	in	the	scb	wealth	segment	and	enjoy	higher	purchasing	power	.
more	specifically	,	there	are	two	main	groups	.
the	first	group	contains	scb	cardholders	having	between	5,000	–	50,000	reward	points	.
they	usually	redeem	reward	points	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	,	obtaining	discounts	,	and	for	wealth	investment	.
the	second	group	is	composed	of	those	having	between	50,000	–	500,000	reward	points	.
they	redeem	reward	points	at	a	higher	rate	than	other	groups	,	mostly	for	shopping	at	shopping	malls	and	travel	deals	.
these	two	groups	account	for	some	60	%	of	scb	credit	cardholders	in	reward	point	programs	.
we	do	hope	that	this	partnership	will	unlock	scb	wealth	credit	cardholders	’	ability	including	scb	private	banking	,	scb	first	and	scb	prime	to	experience	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	and	enjoy	even	more	daily	spending.	”	the	pointx	application	offers	a	new	world	of	unlimited	reward	point	accumulation	and	redemption	.
with	a	concept	of	all-in-one	reward	point	wallet	platform	,	customers	can	use	reward	points	like	cash	to	pay	at	any	shops	displaying	the	pointx	logo	,	enjoy	discount	coupons	for	shopping	for	flash	deals	and	special	priced	items	at	an	in-app	x	store	,	transfer	and	share	reward	points	,	and	enjoy	using	reward	points	at	extra	rates	every	day	.
scbx	group	and	digital	business	transformation	company	publicis	sapient	today	announced	they	have	reached	an	agreement	to	enter	a	joint	venture	under	scb…
it	is	important	that	you	read	these	terms	of	use	carefully	as	the	following	is	a	legally	binding	contract	between	you	and	scb	techx	company	limited	(	the	“	company	”	)	and	governs	your	use	of	this	website	and	the	information	provided	herein	.
by	using	this	website	,	you	acknowledge	that	you	have	read	and	understood	these	terms	of	use	,	and	that	you	agree	to	be	bound	by	and	comply	with	these	terms	of	use	.
do	not	use	this	website	if	you	do	not	agree	to	be	bound	by	these	terms	of	use	.
the	company	’	s	website	may	contain	various	web	pages	operated	by	the	company	,	with	its	office	located	at	21	st	floor	scb	park	plaza	,	west	b	tower	,	19	ratchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	sub-district	,	chatuchak	district	,	bangkok	10900	(	collectively	,	the	“	company	’	s	website	”	)	.
the	company	’	s	website	is	offered	to	you	conditioned	on	your	acceptance	of	these	terms	of	use	without	modification	.
your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	constitutes	your	legal	binding	agreement	to	all	terms	contained	herein	.
if	you	do	not	agree	to	be	bound	by	these	terms	of	use	,	do	not	use	the	company	’	s	website	.
the	company	reserves	the	right	to	modify	or	alter	these	terms	of	use	contained	herein	.
you	are	responsible	for	regularly	reviewing	these	terms	of	use	and	additional	terms	posted	on	the	company	’	s	website	.
your	continued	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	constitutes	your	agreement	to	such	modified	or	altered	terms	of	use	.
for	the	use	of	the	company	’	s	services	,	the	company	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	personal	data	and/or	any	other	person	’	s	personal	data	provided	by	you	to	the	company	for	the	purpose	of	providing	services	and	other	purposes	as	prescribed	in	the	company	’	s	privacy	notice	.
to	understand	how	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	personal	data	and	the	data	owner	’	s	rights	in	accordance	with	the	personal	data	protection	law	,	you	may	further	read	such	privacy	notice	as	announced	by	the	company	on	the	company	’	s	website	namely	https	:	//scbtechx.io	and/or	any	other	channels	prescribed	by	the	company	or	to	be	further	changed	and	notified	to	you	by	announcing	on	such	website	and/or	any	other	channels	prescribed	by	the	company	.
in	addition	,	in	the	event	that	you	has	given	personal	data	of	any	other	person	,	you	shall	notify	such	person	of	the	details	relating	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	and	rights	under	such	privacy	notice	.
links	to	other	websites	which	are	not	under	the	control	of	the	company	may	be	arranged	by	the	company	for	your	information	and	convenience	only	.
any	links	executed	by	you	to	those	websites	shall	be	at	your	own	risks	.
in	no	event	shall	the	company	be	liable	for	any	damages	incurred	by	you	in	connection	with	the	information	,	goods	or	services	posted	or	offered	on	any	third	party	’	s	websites	linked	to	the	company	’	s	website	.
the	company	does	not	make	any	representation	,	warranty	or	recommendation	in	respect	of	any	information	,	goods	or	services	appearing	in	such	third	party	’	s	websites	,	nor	shall	the	company	be	liable	for	any	defects	or	breaches	of	contracts	in	respect	of	any	goods	or	services	appearing	or	advertising	in	those	websites	.
the	company	does	not	have	any	commitments	or	agreements	with	such	other	websites	in	connection	with	your	agreements	with	such	other	websites	.
any	link	to	other	websites	for	downloading	any	software	are	provided	by	the	company	for	your	convenience	only	.
in	no	event	shall	the	company	be	responsible	or	liable	for	any	error	or	malfunction	caused	by	or	resulted	from	the	downloaded	software	.
be	aware	that	any	use	of	the	downloaded	software	shall	be	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	relevant	license	agreement	.
should	you	be	unable	to	comply	with	such	license	agreement	,	you	may	be	deemed	as	an	infringer	of	copyright	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	of	such	software	provider	.
in	such	event	,	the	company	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	damages	incurred	by	you	in	all	respects	.
please	also	note	that	whenever	you	link	to	any	of	such	other	websites	,	you	will	be	subject	to	the	terms	,	conditions	and	policies	of	using	the	websites	being	visited	by	you	.
you	hereby	agree	to	indemnify	the	company	against	any	claims	,	losses	,	costs	and	damages	(	including	legal	fees	and	court	costs	)	suffered	or	incurred	by	the	company	as	a	result	of	your	improper	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	or	any	use	in	violation	of	these	terms	of	use	.
any	data	and	information	contained	or	displayed	in	the	company	’	s	website	are	the	properties	of	the	company	and	the	third	parties	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
all	trademarks	,	service	marks	,	trade	names	and	logos	mentioned	in	or	posted	on	the	company	’	s	website	(	collectively	the	“	trademarks	”	)	shall	include	any	trademarks	,	service	marks	and	logos	of	the	company	and	any	third	parties	regardless	of	whether	such	trademarks	,	service	marks	and	logos	have	been	registered	or	not	.
no	part	or	parts	hereof	shall	be	deemed	as	a	license	or	a	granting	of	the	right	to	use	such	trademarks	.
the	company	hereby	reserves	all	rights	it	may	have	in	connection	with	this	website	.
the	company	does	not	allow	or	grant	any	right	to	use	trademarks	without	obtaining	a	prior	written	consent	from	the	company	or	the	third	party	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
the	company	’	s	website	is	protected	under	copyright	and	intellectual	property	laws	and	shall	not	be	modified	,	reproduced	,	copied	,	downloaded	,	transmitted	(	in	any	form	and	by	any	means	)	or	used	in	whatever	manner	for	commercial	purposes	without	obtaining	a	prior	written	consent	from	the	company	.
the	company	reserves	the	right	,	at	its	sole	discretion	,	to	terminate	this	agreement	or	your	access	to	the	company	’	s	website	and	the	related	services	at	any	time	without	prior	notice	,	if	you	fail	to	comply	with	these	terms	of	use	or	for	any	reason	deemed	necessary	by	the	company	.
you	shall	not	use	the	company	’	s	website	for	any	purpose	that	is	unlawful	or	prohibited	by	laws	and	these	terms	of	use	and	in	any	manner	that	could	damage	,	disable	,	or	impair	the	company	’	s	website	or	the	networks	connected	to	the	company	’	s	website	.
you	shall	not	interfere	with	any	other	party	’	s	use	and	enjoyment	of	the	company	’	s	website	and	not	attempt	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	the	company	’	s	website	,	other	accounts	,	computer	systems	or	networks	connected	to	the	company	’	s	website	,	through	hacking	,	password	mining	or	any	other	means	.
the	information	,	products	and	services	included	in	or	available	through	the	company	’	s	website	may	include	inaccuracies	or	typographical	errors	.
the	company	reserves	its	right	to	modify	or	make	changes	to	the	company	’	s	website	and	the	information	contained	therein	without	prior	notice	.
any	information	received	via	the	company	’	s	website	should	not	be	relied	upon	for	personal	,	legal	or	financial	decisions	and	you	should	consult	an	appropriate	professional	for	specific	advice	tailored	to	your	situation	.
the	company	makes	no	representation	or	warranty	of	any	kind	,	either	explicitly	or	implicitly	,	as	to	the	suitability	,	reliability	,	availability	,	timeliness	,	lack	of	viruses	or	other	harmful	components	,	and	accuracies	of	the	information	,	software	,	products	and	related	graphics	contained	within	the	company	’	s	website	for	any	purposes	.
the	company	accepts	no	liability	and	will	not	be	liable	for	any	loss	or	damage	arising	directly	or	indirectly	(	including	special	,	incidental	or	consequential	loss	or	damage	)	from	your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	.
in	particular	,	no	warranty	is	given	that	economic	reporting	information	material	or	data	is	accurate	,	complete	and/or	up	to	date	.
you	agree	that	the	company	shall	not	be	responsible	or	liable	for	unauthorized	access	to	your	data	or	transactions	on	the	company	’	s	website	.
these	terms	of	use	are	governed	by	the	laws	of	the	kingdom	of	thailand	,	without	regard	to	its	principles	concerning	conflicts	of	laws	.
any	disputes	shall	be	subject	to	the	non-exclusive	jurisdiction	of	the	courts	of	thailand	.
you	agree	that	no	joint	venture	,	partnership	,	employment	or	agency	relationship	exists	between	you	and	the	company	as	a	result	of	this	agreement	or	your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	.
>	innovative	products	ready-to-deploy	solutions	that	instantly	elevate	your	business	everyone	at	scb	techx	knows	that	speed	is	essential	for	the	success	of	organizations	,	that	’	s	why	we	have	created	ready-to-use	technologies	so	that	our	customers	will	not	have	to	spend	a	great	deal	of	time	building	their	products	and	services	from	the	beginning	.
scb	techx	offers	a	wide	variety	of	available	innovations	,	including	digital	identity	verification	systems	(	ekyc	)	,	intelligent	chatbots	,	and	financial	platforms	.
these	solutions	can	be	instantly	and	simply	integrated	into	clients	’	existing	infrastructures	and	adapted	to	fit	a	variety	of	business	procedures	.
our	customers	can	roll	out	enhanced	and	new	services	whenever	they	see	fit	.
featured	product	technology	consulting	consultation	services	and	integrated	solution	development	scb	techx	collaborates	with	clients	and	stakeholders	to	develop	optimal	solutions	.
in	order	to	provide	comprehensive	answers	to	our	clients	'	concerns	,	we	employ	a	design	thinking	approach	which	enables	us	to	see	problems	from	all	angles	and	build	solutions	that	directly	address	client	issues	.
at	scb	techx	,	we	have	a	great	team	of	engineers	and	ux	designers	who	can	transform	concepts	into	digital	products	tailored	to	technical	specifications	and	user	experience	requirements	.
therefore	,	we	are	able	to	provide	customers	a	comprehensive	selection	of	solutions	in	one	place	.
infrastructure	&	platforms	technology	infrastructure	services	and	development	of	digital	platforms	scb	techx	began	as	an	it	team	assigned	with	the	task	to	develop	the	foundations	of	siam	commercial	bank	's	it	infrastructure	.
for	this	reason	,	we	have	become	an	industry-leading	team	when	it	comes	to	constructing	and	managing	enterprise-level	platforms	and	infrastructure	.
in	addition	to	our	experience	in	traditional	infrastructure	,	scb	techx	has	worked	with	world-class	cloud	service	providers	.
for	this	reason	,	we	provide	cloud	computing	infrastructure	that	will	boost	the	agility	of	enterprises	undergoing	digital	transformation	.
data	&	security	data	management	and	cybersecurity	services	to	drive	businesses	with	technology	,	precise	data	analysis	is	essential	.
likewise	,	cybersecurity	is	a	topic	that	can	not	be	ignored	.
scb	techx	is	ready	to	offer	data	management	and	analysis	services	to	our	clients	so	that	they	develop	insights	that	will	give	them	a	competitive	edge	in	their	industries	.
to	further	ensure	the	safety	of	our	clients	'	it	infrastructures	,	we	also	provide	security	services	to	counteract	any	potential	cyberattacks	.
featured	products	|	contact	us	|	message	us	use	and	management	of	cookies
