we	,	scb	tech	x	company	limited	,	care	about	the	privacy	of	our	customers	,	thus	,	we	provide	this	privacy	notice	to	inform	our	customers	of	our	policy	in	relation	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	of	individual	(	“	you	”	)	in	accordance	with	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	“	pdpa	”	)	,	relevant	laws	and	regulations	.
this	privacy	notice	informs	you	of	how	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	what	and	why	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	how	long	we	hold	it	,	who	we	disclose	it	to	,	your	rights	,	what	steps	we	will	take	to	make	sure	your	personal	data	stays	private	and	secure	,	and	how	you	can	contact	us	.
this	privacy	notice	applies	to	:	(	1	)	our	customers	(	2	)	non-customers	these	include	individuals	who	do	not	received	product	or	service	from	us	,	but	we	may	need	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	(	e.g	.
anyone	that	visits	our	website	or	our	applications	(	if	any	)	,	offices	;	directors	or	legal	representatives	of	a	juristic	person	that	uses	our	services	;	;	professional	advisors	,	including	our	directors	,	investors	,	shareholders	and	their	legal	representatives	,	and	anyone	involved	in	other	transactions	with	us	or	our	customers	)	.
please	note	that	some	of	the	links	on	our	platform	may	lead	to	third	party	’	s	platforms	,	and	if	you	access	these	platforms	,	your	personal	data	will	then	be	processed	under	the	third	party	’	s	policies	.
make	sure	that	you	have	read	those	privacy	notices	when	accessing	such	platforms	.
we	only	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	where	it	is	necessary	or	there	is	a	lawful	basis	for	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	it	.
this	includes	where	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	based	on	the	legitimate	grounds	of	legal	obligation	,	performance	of	contract	made	by	you	with	us	,	our	legitimate	interests	,	performance	under	your	consent	and	other	lawful	basis	.
reasons	for	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	are	provided	below	:	1.1	our	legal	obligation	we	are	regulated	by	many	laws	,	rules	,	regulations	,	and	orders	of	any	competent	governmental	,	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	,	and	to	fulfil	our	legal	and	regulatory	requirements	,	it	is	necessary	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	compliance	with	the	pdpa	and	any	amendment	thereof	;	b	)	compliance	with	laws	(	e.g	.
anti-money	laundering	laws	,	prevention	and	suppression	of	financial	support	to	terrorism	and	the	proliferation	of	weapons	of	mass	destruction	laws	,	and	other	laws	to	which	we	are	subject	both	in	thailand	and	in	other	countries	)	,	including	conducting	identity	verification	,	background	checks	and	credit	checks	,	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	process	,	customer	due	diligence	(	cdd	)	process	,	other	checks	and	screenings	(	including	screening	against	publicly	available	database	of	regulatory	authorities	and/or	official	sanctions	lists	)	,	and	ongoing	monitoring	that	may	be	required	under	any	applicable	law	;	and/or	c	)	compliance	with	regulatory	obligations	and/or	orders	of	authorized	persons	(	e.g	.
the	relevant	orders	by	any	court	of	competent	jurisdiction	or	of	governmental	,	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	or	authorized	officers	)	.
1.2.contract	made	by	you	with	us	we	will	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	the	request	and/or	agreement	made	by	you	with	us	,	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	process	your	request	prior	to	entering	into	an	agreement	,	and	provide	products	and/or	services	,	and	deliver	products	and/or	services	to	you	,	provide	advice	and	deal	with	all	matters	relating	to	products	and/or	services	,	including	any	activities	that	if	we	do	not	proceed	,	then	our	operations	or	our	services	may	be	affected	or	may	not	be	able	to	provide	you	with	fair	and	ongoing	services	;	b	)	carry	out	your	instructions	(	e.g	.
responding	to	your	enquiries	or	feedbacks	,	or	resolving	your	complaints	)	;	c	)	track	or	record	your	transactions	;	d	)	produce	reports	(	e.g	.
business	continuity	plan	)	;	e	)	notify	the	due	date	of	products	and/or	services	;	f	)	process	your	applications	or	requests	for	services	or	products	and/or	process	your	transactions	and/or	carry	out	and	organize	regarding	the	activities	and/or	seminars	;	g	)	recover	the	money	which	you	owe	(	e.g	.
when	you	have	not	paid	for	your	debt	and/or	outstanding	fees	)	;	and/or	h	)	enforce	our	legal	or	contractual	rights	.
1.3	our	legitimate	interests	we	rely	on	the	basis	of	legitimate	interests	by	considering	our	benefits	or	third	party	’	s	benefits	with	your	fundamental	rights	in	personal	data	which	we	will	collect	,	use	or	disclose	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	conduct	our	business	operation	and	the	business	operation	of	companies	in	scbxgroup	(	e.g	.
to	conduct	compliance	audit	,	to	conduct	risk	managements	,	to	conduct	finance	and	accounting	managements	,	to	conduct	financial	audits	,	to	conduct	internal	operation	management	,	to	monitor	,	prevent	,	and	investigate	fraud	,	money	laundering	,	terrorism	,	misconduct	,	or	other	crimes	,	including	but	not	limited	to	carrying	out	the	creditworthiness	checks	of	any	persons	related	to	our	corporate	customer	,	which	may	not	be	required	by	any	governmental	or	regulatory	authorities	,	and	authenticating	your	identity	to	prevent	such	crimes	)	;	b	)	conduct	our	relationship	managements	(	e.g	.
to	serve	customers	,	to	conduct	customer	survey	,	to	handle	complaints	)	;	c	)	ensure	security	(	e.g	.
to	maintain	cctv	records	,	to	register	,	exchange	identification	card	and/or	take	photo	of	visitors	before	entering	into	our	building	areas	)	;	d	)	develop	and	improve	our	products	,	services	and	systems	to	enhance	our	services	standard	,	and/or	for	the	greatest	benefits	in	fulfilling	your	needs	by	considering	the	fundamental	rights	in	your	personal	data	.
;	e	)	record	images	and/or	voices	relating	to	the	meetings	,	trainings	or	seminars	;	f	)	in	case	of	our	corporate	customer	,	we	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	personal	data	of	directors	,	authorized	persons	or	attorneys	;	g	)	ensure	business	continuity	;	h	)	handle	claims	and	disputes	,	file	lawsuits	and	process	the	relevant	legal	proceedings	;	i	)	contact	you	prior	to	your	entering	into	a	contract	with	us	;	j	)	evaluate	suitability	and/or	qualifications	of	our	platform	users	;	k	)	protect	against	security	risks	(	e.g	.
monitoring	network	activity	logs	,	detecting	security	incidents	,	conducting	data	security	investigations	,	and	otherwise	protecting	against	malicious	,	deceptive	,	fraudulent	,	or	illegal	activity	)	;	l	)	comply	with	applicable	foreign	laws	;	m	)	carry	out	research	,	plan	and	conduct	statistical	analysis	(	e.g	.
data	analytics	,	assessments	,	surveys	and	reports	on	our	services	and	your	behavior	)	;	n	)	organize	our	promotional	campaigns	or	events	,	conferences	,	seminars	,	and	company	visits	;	o	)	facilitate	financial	audits	to	be	performed	by	auditors	;	p	)	receive	advisory	services	from	legal	counsels	,	financial	advisors	,	and/or	other	advisors	appointed	by	you	or	us	;	q	)	in	the	event	of	sale	,	transfer	,	merger	,	reorganization	,	or	similar	event	,	disclose	and	transfer	your	personal	data	to	one	or	more	third	parties	as	part	of	that	transaction	;	r	)	maintain	and	update	lists	of	the	customers	(	including	your	personal	data	)	and	keep	contracts	and	associated	documents	in	which	you	may	be	referred	to	;	and/or	s	)	comply	with	reasonable	business	requirements	(	e.g	.
management	,	training	,	auditing	,	reporting	,	control	or	risk	management	,	statistical	and	trend	analysis	and	planning	or	other	related	or	similar	activities	,	implementing	business	controls	to	enable	our	business	to	operate	,	and	enabling	us	to	identify	and	resolve	issues	in	our	it	systems	to	keep	our	systems	secured	,	performing	our	it	systems	development	,	implementation	,	operation	and	maintenance	)	.
1.4	yourconsent	in	certain	cases	,	we	may	ask	for	your	consent	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	to	maximise	your	benefits	and/or	to	enable	us	to	provide	services	to	fulfil	your	needs	for	the	following	purposes	,	which	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	sensitive	personal	data	as	necessary	(	e.g	.
to	use	face	recognition	or	your	identification	card	photo	(	which	contains	your	sensitive	personal	data	,	namely	religion	and/or	blood	type	)	for	verification	of	your	identity	before	continuing	the	transaction	and	for	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	process	)	;	b	)	collect	and	use	your	personal	data	and	any	other	data	to	conduct	research	and	analyze	for	the	greatest	benefits	in	developing	products	and	services	to	truly	fulfil	your	needs	;	c	)	contact	you	to	provide	advice	and	offer	our	products	or	services	which	may	interest	you	(	in	case	the	consent	is	required	under	the	pdpa	)	;	d	)	disclose	your	personal	data	and	any	other	data	to	companies	in	scbxgroup	as	shown	onhttps	:	//www.scbx.com/en/affiliates-financial-business-group.htmland	our	trusted	business	partners	for	the	following	purposes	:	(	1	)	researching	,	conducting	statistical	data	,	developing	,	analyzing	products	,	services	,	and	benefits	to	fulfil	your	needs	;	and	(	2	)	contacting	you	for	offering	or	providing	products	,	services	and	benefits	suitable	to	you	;	e	)	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	overseas	,	which	may	have	inadequate	personal	data	protection	standards	(	unless	the	pdpa	specifies	that	we	may	proceed	under	other	lawful	basis	or	without	obtaining	consent	)	;	f	)	when	you	are	classified	as	a	minor	,	incompetent	or	quasi-incompetent	whose	consent	must	be	given	by	their	parent	,	guardian	or	curator	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	(	unless	the	pdpa	specifies	that	we	may	proceed	without	obtaining	consent	)	;	and/or	g	)	other	activities	which	we	may	require	your	consent	.
1.5	other	lawful	basis	apart	from	the	lawful	basis	which	we	mentioned	earlier	,	we	may	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	based	on	the	following	lawful	basis	:	a	)	prepare	historical	documents	or	archives	for	the	public	interest	,	or	for	purposes	relating	to	research	or	statistics	;	b	)	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	;	and/or	c	)	necessary	to	carry	out	a	public	task	,	or	for	exercising	official	authority	.
if	the	personal	data	we	collect	from	you	is	required	to	meet	our	legal	obligations	or	to	enter	into	an	agreement	with	you	,	we	may	not	be	able	to	provide	(	or	continue	to	provide	)	some	or	all	of	our	products	and	services	to	you	if	you	do	not	provide	such	personal	data	when	requested	.
the	type	of	personal	data	,	namely	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	,	which	we	collect	,	use	or	disclose	,	varies	depending	on	the	scope	of	products	and/or	services	that	you	may	have	used	or	had	an	interest	in	.
the	type	of	personal	data	and	sensitive	personal	data	shall	include	but	not	limited	to	:	normally	,	we	will	collect	your	personal	data	directly	from	you	,	but	sometimes	we	may	get	it	from	other	sources	,	in	such	case	we	will	ensure	the	compliance	with	the	pdpa	.
personal	data	we	collect	from	other	sources	may	include	but	not	limited	to	:	a	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	,	and/or	any	other	persons	who	we	have	legal	relationship	with	;	b	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	corporate	customers	as	you	are	director	,	authorised	person	,	attorney	,	representative	or	contact	person	;	and/or	c	)	data	obtained	by	us	from	the	relevant	governmental	authorities	,	regulatory	authorities	and/or	third-party	service	providers	(	e.g	.
data	that	is	publicly	available	,	data	that	relates	to	transactions	.
in	case	you	have	given	any	personal	data	of	any	other	person	to	us	in	executing	transactions	with	us	or	any	purposes	,	you	shall	notify	such	person	of	the	details	relating	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	and	rights	under	this	privacy	notice	.
in	addition	,	you	shall	obtain	consent	from	such	person	(	if	necessary	)	or	relied	on	another	legal	basis	to	provide	personal	data	to	us	.
the	pdpa	aims	to	give	you	more	control	of	your	personal	data	.
you	can	exercise	your	rights	under	the	pdpa	,	details	as	specified	below	,	through	the	channels	prescribed	by	us	:	4.1.right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	you	have	the	right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	of	your	personal	data	retained	by	us	,	unless	we	are	entitled	to	reject	your	request	under	the	laws	or	court	orders	,	or	if	such	request	will	adversely	affect	the	rights	and	freedoms	of	other	individuals	.
4.2	right	to	rectification	you	have	the	right	to	rectify	your	inaccurate	personal	data	or	to	update	your	incomplete	personal	data	.
4.3	right	to	erasure	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	delete	,	destroy	or	anonymise	your	personal	data	,	unless	there	are	certain	circumstances	where	we	have	the	legal	grounds	to	reject	your	request	.
4.4	right	to	restrict	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	restrict	the	use	of	your	personal	data	under	certain	circumstances	(	e.g	.
when	we	are	pending	examination	process	in	accordance	with	your	request	to	rectify	your	personal	data	or	to	object	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	,	or	you	request	to	restrict	the	use	of	personal	data	instead	of	the	deletion	or	destruction	of	personal	data	which	is	no	longer	necessary	as	you	have	necessity	to	retain	it	for	the	purposes	of	establishment	,	compliance	,	exercise	or	defense	of	legal	claims	)	.
4.5	right	to	object	you	have	the	right	to	object	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	in	case	we	proceed	with	legitimate	interests	basis	or	for	the	purpose	of	direct	marketing	,	or	for	the	purpose	of	scientific	,	historical	or	statistic	research	,	unless	we	have	legitimate	grounds	to	reject	your	request	(	e.g	.
we	have	compelling	legitimate	ground	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	,	or	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	is	carried	out	for	the	establishment	,	compliance	,	or	exercise	legal	claims	,	or	for	the	reason	of	our	public	interests	)	.
4.6	right	to	data	portability	you	have	the	right	to	receive	your	personal	data	in	case	we	can	arrange	such	personal	data	to	be	in	the	format	which	is	readable	or	commonly	used	by	ways	of	automatic	tools	or	equipment	,	and	can	be	used	or	disclosed	by	automated	means	.
also	,	you	have	the	right	to	request	us	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	third	party	,	or	to	receive	your	personal	data	which	we	sent	or	transferred	to	third	party	,	unless	it	is	impossible	to	do	so	because	of	the	technical	circumstances	,	or	we	are	entitled	to	legally	reject	your	request	.
4.7	right	to	withdraw	consent	you	have	the	right	to	withdraw	your	consent	that	has	been	given	to	us	at	any	time	pursuant	to	the	methods	and	means	prescribed	by	us	,	unless	the	nature	of	consent	does	not	allow	such	withdrawal	.
the	withdrawal	of	consent	will	not	affect	the	lawfulness	of	the	collection	,	use	,	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	based	on	your	consent	before	it	was	withdrawn	.
you	can	review	and	change	your	consent	to	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	marketing	purposes	through	channels	as	specified	in	no	.
11	below	or	other	channels	prescribed	by	us	in	the	future	.
4.8	right	to	lodge	a	complaint	you	have	the	right	to	make	a	complaint	with	the	personal	data	protection	committee	or	their	office	in	the	event	that	we	do	not	comply	with	the	pdpa	.
we	may	disclose	your	personal	data	to	the	following	parties	under	the	provisions	of	the	pdpa	:	a	)	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	and/or	other	persons	that	we	have	the	legal	relationship	,	including	our	directors	,	executives	,	employees	,	staffs	,	contractors	,	representatives	,	advisors	and/or	such	persons	’	directors	,	executives	,	employees	,	staffs	,	contractors	,	representatives	,	advisors	;	b	)	the	relevant	governmental	authorities	and/or	supervisory	or	regulatory	authorities	(	g.	the	anti-money	laundering	office	,	the	ministry	of	digital	economy	and	society	,	the	thai	revenue	department	,	the	department	of	provincial	administration	)	;	c	)	suppliers	,	agents	and	other	entities	(	e.g	.
external	auditors	,	depositories	,	document	warehouses	,	domestic	and	overseas	financial	institutions	)	where	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	has	a	specific	purpose	and	under	lawful	basis	,	as	well	as	appropriate	security	measures	;	d	)	any	relevant	persons	as	a	result	of	activities	relating	to	selling	rights	of	claims	and/or	assets	,	restructuring	or	acquisition	of	any	of	our	entities	,	where	we	may	transfer	our	rights	to	;	any	persons	with	whom	we	are	required	to	share	data	for	a	proposed	sale	,	reorganisation	,	business	transfer	,	financial	arrangement	,	asset	disposal	or	other	transaction	relating	to	our	business	and/or	assets	used	in	our	business	operation	;	e	)	debt	collection	agencies	,	lawyers	,	fraud	prevention	agencies	,	courts	,	authorities	or	any	persons	whom	we	are	required	or	permitted	by	laws	,	regulations	,	or	orders	to	share	personal	data	;	f	)	third	parties	providing	services	to	us	(	e.g	.
it	service	providers	,	market	analysis	and	benchmarking	service	providers	,	cloud	computing	service	providers	,	including	but	not	limited	to	agents	or	subcontractors	acting	on	our	behalf	)	;	g	)	social	media	service	providers	(	in	a	secure	format	)	or	other	third-party	advertisers	so	they	can	display	relevant	messages	to	you	and	others	on	our	behalf	about	our	products	and/or	services	;	h	)	third-party	security	providers	;	i	)	other	persons	that	provide	you	with	benefits	or	services	associated	with	our	products	or	services	;	and/or	j	)	your	attorney	,	sub-attorney	,	authorized	persons	or	legal	representatives	who	have	lawfully	authorized	power	.
the	nature	of	the	modern	technology	business	is	global	and	under	certain	circumstances	it	is	necessary	for	us	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	internationally	(	e.g	.
transferring	data	to	companies	in	scbxgroup	or	to	cloud	server	overseas	for	the	purpose	of	the	provision	of	services	)	.
when	sending	or	transferring	your	personal	data	,	we	will	always	exercise	our	best	effort	to	have	your	personal	data	transferred	to	our	reliable	business	partners	,	service	providers	or	other	recipients	by	the	safest	method	in	order	to	maintain	and	protect	the	security	of	your	personal	data	.
if	the	destination	countries	do	not	have	adequate	data	protection	standard	,	we	will	proceed	to	transfer	personal	data	as	specified	by	the	pdpa	and	will	put	in	place	the	protection	measures	of	such	personal	data	as	necessary	and	appropriate	.
we	will	maintain	and	keep	your	personal	data	while	you	are	our	customer	and	once	you	has	ended	the	relationship	with	us	,	we	will	only	keep	your	personal	data	for	a	period	of	time	that	is	appropriate	and	necessary	for	each	type	of	personal	data	and	for	the	purposes	as	specified	by	the	pdpa	.
the	period	we	keep	your	personal	data	will	be	linked	to	the	prescription	period	or	the	period	under	the	relevant	laws	and	regulations	(	e.g	.
anti-money	laundering	laws	,	counter-terrorism	and	proliferation	of	weapon	of	mass	destruction	financing	laws	,	accounting	laws	,	tax	laws	,	labour	laws	and	other	laws	to	which	we	are	subject	both	in	thailand	and	in	other	countries	)	.
in	addition	,	we	may	need	to	retain	records	of	cctv	surveillance	in	our	office	to	prevent	fraud	and	to	ensure	security	,	including	investigating	suspicious	transactions	which	you	or	related	persons	may	inform	us	.
we	may	collect	and	use	cookies	and	similar	technologies	when	you	use	our	products	and/or	services	.
this	includes	when	you	use	our	websites	or	proceed	with	the	transaction	using	our	system	.
the	collection	of	such	cookies	and	similar	technologies	helps	us	recognise	you	,	remember	your	preferences	and	customise	how	we	provide	our	products	and/or	services	to	you	.
we	may	use	cookies	for	a	number	of	purposes	(	e.g	.
enabling	and	operating	basic	functions	,	helping	us	understand	how	you	interact	with	our	websites	or	emails	,	or	enabling	us	to	improve	your	online	experiences	or	our	communications	with	you	,	particularly	,	to	ensure	that	online	adverts	displayed	to	you	will	be	more	relevant	to	you	and	of	your	interests	)	,	for	details	please	see	cookies	policy	.
we	are	entitled	to	continue	collecting	and	using	your	personal	data	,	which	has	previously	been	collected	by	us	before	the	effectiveness	of	the	pdpa	in	relation	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	,	in	accordance	with	the	original	purposes	.
if	you	do	not	wish	us	to	continue	collecting	and	using	your	personal	data	,	you	may	notify	us	to	withdraw	your	consent	at	any	time	.
we	endeavour	to	ensure	the	security	of	your	personal	data	through	our	internal	security	measures	and	strict	policy	enforcement	.
the	measures	extend	from	data	encryption	to	firewalls	.
we	also	require	our	staff	and	third-party	contractors	to	follow	our	applicable	privacy	standards	and	policies	and	to	exercise	due	care	and	measures	when	using	,	sending	or	transferring	your	personal	data	.
if	you	have	any	questions	or	would	like	more	details	about	our	privacy	notice	,	please	contact	us	through	the	following	channels	:	our	office	located	at	21stfloor	scb	park	plaza	,	west	b	tower	,	19	rutchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	sub-district	,	chatuchak	district	,	bangkok	10900.	if	you	would	like	to	exercise	your	rights	in	accordance	with	pdpa	,	please	contact	us	through	ourdata	protection	officerby	writing	to	e-mail	:	tx.dpo	@	scbtechx.io	we	may	change	or	update	this	privacy	notice	from	time	to	time	and	we	will	inform	the	updated	privacy	notice	at	our	websitehttps	:	//scbtechx.io	.
version	august	2022
we	,	scb	tech	x	co.	,	ltd.	(	the	“	company	”	,	“	we	”	,	“	our	”	or	“	us	”	)	,	care	about	the	privacy	of	our	employees	,	workers	,	service	providers	and	contractors	(	“	you	”	)	.
thus	,	we	provide	this	privacy	notice	under	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	“	pdpa	”	)	to	inform	you	of	the	methods	,	objectives	and	details	of	the	data	that	we	collect	,	store	,	use	or	disclose	;	duration	of	data	collection	;	disclosure	of	personal	data	;	your	rights	as	the	owner	of	personal	data	;	and	the	keeping	of	privacy	and	security	of	personal	data	and	how	you	can	contact	us	.
this	privacy	notice	applies	to	the	following	natural	persons	:	(	1	)	employees	or	workers	of	the	company	pursuant	to	employment	agreements	;	(	2	)	service	providers	and	contractors	of	the	company	,	including	their	employees	or	staff	under	the	agreements	with	the	company	(	e.g	.
service	agreement	,	hire	of	work	agreement	,	agency	contract	)	including	its	employee	or	staff	;	(	3	)	job	applicants	,	whether	they	are	applying	directly	with	the	company	,	or	through	agency	or	other	entities	;	(	4	)	former	employees	,	of	whom	the	company	needs	to	retain	or	use	their	personal	data	as	required	by	laws	;	(	5	)	parents	,	descendants	,	relatives	,	spouses	or	beneficiaries	of	employees	;	(	6	)	guarantors	of	employees	,	staff	,	service	providers	or	contractors	under	the	employment	agreements	,	service	agreements	,	hire	of	work	agreements	,	agency	contracts	or	other	similar	agreements	with	the	company	;	(	7	)	speakers	and	lecturers	for	training	courses	organized	by	the	company	;	(	8	)	trainees	or	participants	in	projects	or	activities	organized	or	participated	by	the	company	;	(	9	)	directors	,	advisors	,	or	authorized	persons	of	the	company	;	(	10	)	employees	of	companies	in	scbxgroup	;	(	11	)	reference	persons	in	job	applications	or	other	contracts	made	with	the	company	;	(	12	)	student	trainees	,	scholarship	students	of	the	company	including	their	guarantors	or	other	relevant	persons	;	and	(	13	)	any	natural	person	entering	into	contract	or	participating	in	any	activity	(	whether	directly	or	indirectly	)	with	the	company	for	the	purposes	stated	in	this	privacy	notice	.
the	company	will	only	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	when	it	is	necessary	,	or	where	there	is	a	lawful	basis	to	do	so	.
this	includes	where	the	company	collects	,	uses	or	discloses	your	personal	data	based	on	(	a	)	legal	obligations	,	(	b	)	performance	of	contract	,	(	c	)	legitimate	interests	,	(	d	)	consent	and/or	(	e	)	other	lawful	bases	for	the	following	purposes	:	1.1	legalobligationsof	the	company	as	the	company	is	subject	to	supervision	and	regulations	and	must	comply	with	appliable	laws	and	regulations	,	it	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	various	reasons	as	required	by	the	following	laws	and	governmental	regulations	:	(	1	)	the	personal	data	protection	act	;	(	2	)	the	civil	and	commercial	code	,	labour	protection	act	,	labour	relations	act	including	other	relevant	labour	laws	;	(	3	)	the	social	security	act	,	provident	fund	act	,	workmen	compensation	act	,	or	other	laws	relating	to	the	provision	of	welfare	for	employees	or	workers	;	(	4	)	the	empowerment	of	persons	with	disabilities	act	,	skill	development	promotion	act	and/or	other	relevant	laws	;	(	5	)	the	revenue	code	or	other	tax	laws	;	(	6	)	the	orders	and	regulations	issued	by	government	authorities	,	such	as	court	orders	,	orders	from	governmental	or	supervisory	agencies	,	or	regulatory	authorities	;	(	7	)	the	anti-money	laundering	and	suppression	of	terrorism	funding	(	aml/cft	)	laws	;	(	8	)	checking	of	background	,	assets	or	securities	holding	of	employees	as	required	by	laws	,	including	reports	made	to	relevant	regulatory	or	governmental	authorities	;	and	(	9	)	checking	and	verifying	of	background	or	qualifications	for	the	appointment	of	executives	or	other	key	positions	as	required	by	rules	and	regulations	issued	by	relevant	regulatory	authorities	or	other	relevant	laws	.
1.2	performance	of	contractmade	between	you	andthecompany	the	company	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	application	documents	,	agreements	or	contracts	made	between	you	and	the	company	and	for	the	purposes	stated	therein	,	as	follows	:	(	1	)	job	application	,	recruitment	,	interview	,	questionnaire	,	performance	assessment	of	the	candidate	;	(	2	)	employment	,	negotiation	,	employment	approval	,	preparation	,	modification	,	change	,	renewal	or	any	other	actions	with	respect	to	employment	agreements	and/or	agency	agreements	,	including	change	of	working	conditions	;	(	3	)	preparation	of	employee	profile	registration	,	book-keeping	of	employee	profile	registration	on	the	company	’	s	system	,	including	to	create	,	delete	,	edit	employees	’	personal	data	and	grant	or	revoke	the	rights	of	the	employee	;	(	4	)	preparation	of	payroll	and	calculation	of	wages	,	salaries	or	compensations	to	be	paid	by	the	company	to	you	,	including	making	payments	or	setting	aside	workers	compensation	reserves	;	(	5	)	arrangement	for	welfare	,	benefits	,	payments	,	loans	,	credits	and	reimbursements	concerning	welfare	programs	granted	by	the	company	to	employees	;	(	6	)	arrangement	,	change	,	or	cancellation	of	health	insurance	,	life	insurance	,	accidental	insurance	or	other	types	of	insurances	;	(	7	)	grant	,	permission	or	alteration	,	deletion	and	control	of	the	rights	to	access	or	use	the	company	’	s	assets	or	systems	;	(	8	)	arrangement	and	provision	of	office	equipment	and	supplies	for	employees	g.	name	cards	,	signs	,	computers	distribution	and	employee	cards	,	including	arrangement	for	returning	of	the	same	upon	employment	termination	;	(	9	)	review	and	assessment	for	the	appointment	of	executives	or	other	key	positions	;	(	10	)	compliances	with	the	employment	agreement	work	rules	,	regulations	and	orders	of	the	company	;	(	11	)	record	and	management	of	data	concerning	leaves	of	employees	;	entitlement	;	(	12	)	performance	review	and	job	assessment	;	(	13	)	grant	of	scholarships	and	internship	;	(	14	)	arrangements	relating	to	termination	or	expiration	of	the	employment	agreement	between	the	company	and	employee	,	including	retirement	;	(	15	)	organisation	of	activities	by	internal	and	external	personnel	;	(	16	)	arrangement	in	relation	to	any	internal	and	external	trainings	,	projects	or	employees	’	capacity	development	programs	,	including	issuance	of	training	certificates	;	(	17	)	communications	and	announcements	to	employees	related	to	the	performance	of	contract	via	any	communication	channels	;	(	18	)	preparation	of	power	of	attorney	;	and	(	19	)	preparation	of	salary	certificate	,	income	statement	,	work	certificate	,	or	other	certificates	concerning	employment	,	agency	or	other	types	of	service	agreements	.
1.3	legitimateinterests	of	thecompany	the	company	relies	on	the	legitimate	interests	by	balancing	the	nature	of	your	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	with	the	normal	reasonable	expectations	and	provide	safeguards	to	reduce	any	negative	impacts	on	your	fundamental	rights	and	freedoms	.
this	may	include	processing	your	personal	data	to	:	(	1	)	use	personal	data	of	non-applicants	during	the	process	of	recruitment	,	interview	and	assessment	of	applicants	,	including	to	store	the	personal	data	of	the	beneficiaries	of	employees	;	(	2	)	perform	duties	under	a	contract	between	the	company	and	another	person	,	where	your	personal	data	is	necessary	but	you	are	not	a	contractual	party	;	(	3	)	record	and	keep	personal	data	on	the	company	’	s	internal	storage	system	;	(	4	)	enhance	staff	knowledge	and	capabilities	,	including	relevant	management	and	planning	for	corporate	structuring	projects	;	(	5	)	pursue	safety	and	business	continuity	measures	including	perform	the	company	’	s	internal	risk	management	function	,	and	report	incidents	resulting	from	the	company	’	s	operations	;	(	6	)	conduct	employee	background	check	;	(	7	)	perform	the	company	’	s	accounting	,	financial	,	or	other	internal	management	operations	;	(	8	)	undertake	measures	and	actions	towards	surveillance	,	prevention	,	investigation	,	complaint	handling	,	investigation	of	suspicious	behaviours	,	or	fraudulent	behaviours	,	money	laundering	,	and	terrorism	misconduct	,	including	actions	to	prevent	such	incidents	;	(	9	)	undertake	and	record	of	disciplinary	action	,	make	criminal	report	,	give	statements	or	information	to	the	police	,	competence	officer	,	court	and	other	competent	authorities	;	(	10	)	take	action	relating	to	disputes	,	dispute	resolution	including	establish	,	exercise	,	or	defend	the	legal	claim	;	(	11	)	provide	employment	information	,	disclose	employee	status	to	third	parties	,	such	as	companies	in	scbxgroup	;	(	12	)	prepare	reports	for	the	company	’	s	internal	departments	including	questionnaires	,	collecting	,	and	analysing	various	data	to	support	the	work	within	the	organisation	;	(	13	)	make	travel	and	accommodations	or	other	facilities	arrangements	for	employees	,	such	as	ticket	and	hotel	reservations	,	meals	;	(	14	)	communicate	with	and	make	announcement	to	employees	via	any	channels	;	and	(	15	)	membership	process	for	cooperatives	1.4	consent	normally	,	the	company	will	not	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	if	the	company	does	not	have	any	lawful	bases	to	do	so	.
however	,	if	necessary	,	the	company	will	ask	for	your	consent	to	collect	,	use	or	disclose	your	personal	data	for	your	benefits	the	following	purposes	:	(	1	)	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	sensitive	personal	data	for	authentication	,	criminal	background	check	or	welfare	and	health	benefits	;	(	2	)	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	a	country	of	destination	with	inferior	data	protection	standards	;	and	(	3	)	when	the	data	subject	is	classified	as	a	minor	,	quasi-incompetent	or	incompetent	whose	consent	must	be	given	by	their	parent	,	guardian	or	curator	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
1.5	other	lawful	bases	apart	from	the	above	lawful	bases	,	other	lawful	bases	that	the	company	may	rely	on	the	following	bases	when	collecting	,	using	or	disclosing	your	personal	:	(	1	)	prepare	historical	documents	or	archives	for	the	public	interest	,	or	purposes	relating	to	research	or	statistics	;	(	2	)	believe	that	the	use	of	your	personal	data	is	of	vital	interest	or	to	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	;	or	(	3	)	believe	that	the	use	of	your	personal	data	is	necessary	to	carry	out	a	public	task	,	or	exercise	official	authority	.
the	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	may	vary	depending	on	the	objectives	and	necessities	and	may	include	both	general	and	sensitive	personal	data	.
your	personal	data	that	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	are	as	follows	:	information	relating	to	:	normally	,	the	company	will	collect	your	personal	data	directly	from	you	.
the	company	sometimes	may	get	it	from	other	sources	,	in	which	case	the	company	will	ensure	that	our	sources	of	your	personal	data	comply	with	the	pdpa	.
personal	datathatthe	company	collects	from	other	sources	may	include	:	(	1	)	information	you	have	asked	the	company	to	collect	for	you	,	e.g	.
information	about	your	accounts	or	property	holdings	with	other	companies	including	transactional	information	;	(	2	)	information	of	any	persons	relevant	to	you	(	e.g	.
your	family	,	relatives	,	job	or	scholarship	guarantor	)	that	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	proceed	with	the	relevant	employment	,	benefits	and	welfare	purposes	;	(	3	)	information	from	third-party	service	providers	and/or	governmental	authorities	,	e.g	.
information	that	helps	us	to	combat	fraud	or	information	related	to	your	social	interactions	(	including	your	communications	on	social	media	,	with	individuals	,	organisations	,	clearing	houses	,	custodians	and	any	other	stakeholders	,	obtained	from	the	companies	from	which	information	is	collected	)	;	(	4	)	information	from	our	trusted	business	partners	or	other	third	parties	involved	in	your	transactions	;	(	5	)	if	information	arises	out	of	your	insurance	policy	or	claims	thereunder	,	the	company	may	also	collect	:	(	a	)	information	about	your	medical	records	obtained	through	an	agreement	or	with	your	consent	;	(	b	)	information	about	your	insurance	claims	history	;	(	c	)	information	from	other	parties	involved	in	your	insurance	policy	or	claim	;	or	(	d	)	information	from	publicly	available	sources	;	(	6	)	information	from	cctv	and	surveillance	devices	;	or	(	7	)	information	from	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	relating	to	your	work	or	engagement	other	than	the	above-mentioned	information	,	the	company	may	collect	personal	data	of	the	following	third	parties	from	you	:	by	providing	the	personal	data	of	the	above-mentioned	parties	,	you	have	the	obligation	to	inform	the	data	subjects	of	the	details	of	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	to	the	company	.
pdpa	aims	to	give	you	more	control	of	your	personal	data	.
you	have	legal	rights	concerning	your	personal	data	.
these	rights	include	:	4.1	right	to	access	and	obtain	copy	you	have	the	right	to	access	and	obtain	your	personal	data	held	by	the	company	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	is	entitled	to	reject	your	request	under	the	law	or	a	court	order	,	or	where	your	request	may	affect	the	rights	and	freedoms	of	other	persons	.
4.2	right	to	rectification	you	have	the	right	to	rectify	your	personal	data	to	be	up-to-date	,	complete	,	accurate	.
at	any	time	.
4.3	right	to	erasure	you	have	the	right	to	request	the	company	to	delete	,	destroy	or	anonymise	your	personal	data	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	has	the	legal	grounds	to	deny	your	request	.
4.4	right	to	restrict	you	have	the	right	to	request	the	company	to	restrict	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	under	certain	circumstances	,	for	example	when	your	personal	data	is	pending	examination	process	to	rectify	your	personal	data	,	or	when	it	is	no	longer	necessary	for	the	company	to	retain	the	personal	data	.
4.5	right	to	object	you	have	the	right	to	object	to	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	,	except	in	the	case	where	the	company	has	compelling	legitimate	grounds	which	may	override	your	own	interests	,	or	when	the	processing	of	your	personal	data	is	carried	out	to	comply	with	,	exercise	or	defend	legal	claims	,	or	if	such	personal	data	processing	is	necessary	for	the	performance	of	a	task	carried	out	under	public	interests	.
4.6	right	to	data	portability	you	have	the	right	to	request	that	the	company	transfer	your	personal	data	to	any	third	parties	,	or	request	to	obtain	your	personal	data	that	the	company	has	transferred	to	any	third	parties	provided	that	it	is	technically	feasible	.
4.7	right	to	withdraw	consent	you	have	the	right	to	withdraw	your	consent	given	to	the	company	at	any	time	according	to	steps	and	procedures	prescribed	by	the	company	,	except	where	such	consent	,	by	its	nature	,	is	non-withdrawable	nevertheless	,	the	withdrawal	of	your	consent	shall	not	affect	the	collection	,	use	or	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	to	which	you	already	consented	prior	to	the	said	consent	withdrawal	.
4.8	right	to	lodge	a	complaint	you	have	the	right	to	make	a	complaint	with	the	personal	data	protection	committee	or	their	office	to	receive	a	fair	remedial	action	.
the	company	may	disclose	your	personal	data	to	the	following	third	parties	or	organisations	under	the	rules	prescribed	by	the	pdpa	:	(	1	)	companies	in	scbxgroup	,	business	partners	and/or	other	persons	that	the	company	has	legal	relationship	with	,	including	directors	,	management	,	employees	,	workers	,	contractors	,	authorised	persons	and	consultants	of	such	persons	.
(	2	)	the	company	’	s	customers	or	service	receivers	,	where	the	disclosure	is	necessary	for	you	to	perform	your	duties	or	it	has	other	lawful	bases	to	do	so	.
(	3	)	business	partners	,	agents	,	third	party	service	providers	and	other	entities	(	e.g	.
external	auditors	,	depositories	,	document	warehouses	providers	,	it	service	providers	)	,	provided	that	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	must	have	a	specific	purpose	,	and	is	made	on	lawful	basis	,	as	well	as	is	subject	to	appropriate	security	measures	.
(	4	)	any	relevant	persons	as	a	result	of	activities	relating	to	sales	claims	and/or	assets	,	corporate	restructuring	or	merger	of	the	company	where	the	company	may	transfer	their	rights	to	such	merged	entity	including	any	persons	with	whom	the	company	is	required	to	share	data	for	a	proposed	sale	claims	and/or	assets	,	corporate	restructuring	,	merger	,	financial	arrangement	,	asset	disposal	or	other	transaction	relating	to	the	company	’	s	business	and/or	assets	used	in	its	business	operation	.
(	5	)	legal	counsel	,	attorneys	,	fraud	prevention	agencies	,	courts	or	governmental	authorities	or	any	person	with	whom	the	company	is	required	or	permitted	by	law	and	other	relevant	regulations	,	court	orders	or	other	authorities	,	to	disclose	the	personal	data	.
(	6	)	third-party	guarantors	or	other	persons	that	provide	benefits	or	services	to	you	(	such	as	insurance	company	relevant	to	work	,	products	or	services	.
(	7	)	your	attorney-in-fact	,	legal	representatives	,	sub-attorneys	,	or	any	other	authorised	persons	or	representatives	legally	empowered	or	entitled	to	use	your	account	.
(	8	)	governmental	agencies	,	state	enterprises	,	state	agencies	relating	to	the	disclosure	of	your	personal	data	in	accordance	with	the	law	and/or	regulatory	authority	(	e.g	.
the	department	of	labour	,	legal	execution	department	,	education	loan	fund	,	the	bank	of	thailand	,	the	securities	and	exchange	commission	,	the	office	of	the	insurance	commission	,	the	ministry	of	digital	economy	and	society	)	.
in	the	case	where	it	is	necessary	for	the	company	to	transfer	your	personal	data	internationally	,	the	company	will	use	its	best	efforts	to	send	or	transfer	your	personal	data	to	reliable	business	partners	,	service	providers	or	recipients	of	the	company	in	the	safest	way	to	keep	your	personal	data	secure	.
(	1	)	it	is	required	by	law	;	(	2	)	the	company	has	informed	you	of	the	inadequate	personal	data	protection	standards	of	the	destination	country	and	has	obtained	your	consent	;	(	3	)	it	is	necessary	for	the	performance	of	a	contract	to	which	you	are	a	party	or	in	accordance	with	application/request	prior	to	execution	of	contract	;	(	4	)	it	is	necessary	to	comply	with	a	contract	between	the	company	and	other	individual	or	juristic	parties	,	for	your	own	interest	;	(	5	)	it	is	for	a	vital	interest	or	it	is	to	prevent	or	suppress	a	danger	to	a	person	’	s	life	,	body	or	health	and	you	’	re	incapable	of	giving	consent	at	such	time	;	or	(	6	)	the	company	needs	to	carry	out	activities	relating	to	the	public	interest	.
the	company	will	keep	your	personal	data	for	as	long	as	you	still	have	the	relationship	with	the	company	as	our	employee	,	service	provider	,	contractor	under	the	employment	agreement	,	service	agreement	,	hire	of	work	agreement	,	agency	contract	,	or	other	agreements	of	the	same	kind	that	you	have	entered	into	with	the	company	.
the	company	will	only	keep	your	personal	data	for	a	period	of	time	that	is	appropriate	for	the	type	of	personal	data	and	the	purpose	the	company	holds	it	for	in	accordance	with	the	pdpa	.
the	period	of	time	that	the	company	retains	your	personal	data	is	corresponding	to	the	prescription	period	and	law	enforcement	period	under	the	laws	.
however	,	the	company	may	retain	your	personal	data	after	the	expiration	of	such	period	if	the	company	is	obligated	to	do	so	under	the	laws	,	or	if	any	existing	claims	or	complaints	will	reasonably	require	the	company	to	keep	your	personal	data	,	or	for	regulatory	or	technical	reasons	,	whereby	if	the	company	is	required	to	keep	your	personal	information	for	a	longer	period	of	time	,	the	company	will	continue	to	keep	your	personal	data	secure	.
apart	from	this	,	the	company	may	need	to	retain	cctv	surveillance	in	our	offices	,	to	prevent	fraud	and	for	security	reason	of	our	customers	or	related	persons	who	visit	or	inform	to	the	company	.
the	company	may	collect	cookies	and	similar	technologies	when	you	use	our	systems	,	products	and/or	services	,	including	when	you	use	our	websites	for	the	operations	and	the	company	’	s	services	,	electronic	systems	,	to	make	transactions	through	internet	banking	,	applications	of	the	company	.
the	collection	of	cookies	and	similar	technologies	helps	the	company	to	recognise	you	and	your	preferences	,	and	customise	our	services	to	your	needs	.
the	company	may	use	cookies	for	a	number	of	purposes	,	such	as	improving	your	online	experience	,	as	well	as	our	understandings	of	how	you	interact	with	our	e-mails	,	and	allowing	us	to	improve	our	communications	with	you	,	particularly	,	to	ensure	that	online	adverts	displayed	to	you	will	be	more	relevant	to	you	and	of	your	interests	.
the	company	has	the	right	to	collect	and	use	your	personal	information	that	the	company	has	collected	before	the	enforcement	of	the	pdpa	if	the	collection	and	use	are	for	the	original	purposes	.
if	you	do	not	wish	the	company	to	collect	and	use	such	personal	data	,	please	inform	the	company	to	withdraw	your	consent	at	any	time	.
the	company	has	implemented	different	measures	to	ensure	that	your	personal	data	is	secure	,	such	as	data	encryption	,	and	also	requires	our	staff	and	third-party	contractors	to	follow	our	applicable	privacy	standards	and	policies	and	exercise	due	care	and	implement	appropriate	security	measures	when	processing	personal	data	.
if	you	have	any	questions	about	the	privacy	notice	of	the	company	or	would	like	to	exercise	your	rights	,	please	contact	the	company	athr	@	scbtechx.io	in	addition	you	may	contact	our	data	protection	officer	attx.dpo	@	scbtechx.ioor	our	head	office	scb	techx	co.	,	ltd.	located	at	scb	park	plaza	west	b	,	floor	21st	,	no	.
19	,	ratchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	,	chatuchak	,	bangkok	10900.	the	company	may	change	or	update	this	privacy	notice	from	time	to	time	by	notification	or	announcement	of	the	revised	privacy	notice	on	our	website	.
version	april	2022
in	today	’	s	digital	era	,	businesses	strive	to	leverage	data	to	enhance	productivity	and	gain	a	competitive	edge	.
yet	,	the	exponential	growth	in	data	volume	and	diversity	has	rendered	traditional	data	management	methods	ineffective	.
techx	data	platform	is	a	game-changing	solution	for	data-centric	organizations	.
this	enterprise-class	data	platform	harnesses	advanced	technology	and	extensive	expertise	of	scb	techx	,	a	system	developer	handling	big	data	management	for	scb	easy	app	,	robinhood	,	pointx	,	and	other	digital	banking	products	of	scb	.
techx	data	platform	offers	comprehensive	solutions	for	end-to-end	data	management	,	encompassing	data	integration	,	data	storage	,	data	administration	,	data	analytics	,	and	governance	security	.
it	empowers	businesses	with	advanced	ai	and	machine	learning	capabilities	for	high-level	data	analysis	.
techx	data	platform	is	customizable	for	businesses	of	all	sizes	,	accommodating	the	diverse	data	usage	requirements	of	startups	,	smes	,	and	large	enterprises	.
it	can	be	tailored	to	meet	specific	needs	,	ensuring	a	personalized	and	optimized	data	management	experience	.
techx	data	platform	connects	easily	to	different	software	,	enabling	users	to	extract	data	and	work	with	their	familiar	tools	such	as	power	bi	and	tableau	with	ease	.
techx	data	platform	eliminates	the	need	for	coding	expertise	,	allowing	employees	from	any	department	in	an	organization	to	access	the	information	they	require	effortlessly	.
scb	techx	collaborates	with	industry-leading	data	and	cloud	service	providers	like	databricks	,	aws	,	microsoft	azure	,	and	google	cloud	platform	,	ensuring	the	utmost	data	security	and	reliability	.
techx	data	platform	is	fully	equipped	to	support	data	management	in	line	with	the	data	governance	framework	and	the	personal	data	protection	act	b.e	.
2562	(	pdpa	)	,	making	it	the	ideal	choice	for	organizations	operating	in	thailand	.
techx	data	platform	leverages	the	advantages	of	data	warehouse	and	data	lake	to	create	a	cutting-edge	data	management	solution	known	as	data	lakehouse	,	a	flexible	and	adaptable	storage	system	that	enables	easy	access	to	information	while	reducing	data	management	costs	compared	to	traditional	data	warehouse	.
for	forward-thinking	organizations	seeking	to	unleash	the	full	potential	of	their	data	,	data	lakehouse	is	the	ideal	storage	option	.
with	techx	data	platform	as	a	central	hub	,	organizations	can	seamlessly	store	diverse	data	types	from	various	applications	in	a	unified	database	.
this	enables	efficient	data	integration	between	different	applications	,	fostering	a	systematic	approach	that	unlocks	new	possibilities	for	leveraging	data	to	drive	business	growth	and	development	.
techx	data	platform	serves	as	a	secure	data	lake	for	archival	storage	of	legacy	data	on	the	cloud	.
this	feature	not	only	reduces	data	storage	expenses	but	also	provides	the	ability	to	retrieve	archived	data	easily	,	which	enables	the	fullest	use	of	a	company	’	s	legacy	data	.
bringing	together	various	data	solutions	,	from	data	storage	,	data	management	and	data	analytics	to	ai	,	techx	data	platform	serves	as	a	one-stop	platform	solution	for	our	customers	to	easily	choose	and	utilize	the	services	they	need	.
we	provide	enterprise	platform	installation	services	along	with	expert	advice	for	our	customers	,	enabling	them	to	independently	maintain	and	manage	their	systems	,	and	offering	professional	service	support	upon	customers	’	requests	.
if	you	’	re	interested	in	techx	data	platform	,	our	team	of	experts	is	ready	to	provide	advice	and	recommend	services	tailored	to	your	business	needs	.
for	further	assistance	,	please	contact	us	atcontact	@	scbtechx.io	if	you	want	to	contact	scb	techx	,	please	feel	free	to	send	us	your	message	via	this	form	.
we	will	get	back	to	you	shortly
the	anti-money	laundering	act	mandates	firms	engaging	in	finance	and	investment	to	implement	a	know	your	customer	(	kyc	)	system	to	verify	the	identification	of	service	users	prior	to	conducting	transactions	.
however	,	identity	verification	by	filling	out	documents	is	a	burden	for	firms	seeking	to	verify	information	and	makes	things	harder	for	customers.to	address	this	issue	,	scb	techx	has	created	an	innovative	ekyc	(	electronic	know	your	customer	)	,	a	digital	identity	verification	solution	that	simplifies	kyc	.
customers	can	verify	their	identity	through	mobile	phone	,	tablet	,	or	computer	anytime	and	anywhere	by	scanning	their	id	card	and	taking	a	photo	of	their	face	.
reduces	the	complexity	of	procedures	and	costs	associated	with	verifying	and	storing	information	.
reduces	the	possibility	of	human	errors	during	verification	process	.
enhances	the	customer	experience	by	enabling	24-hour	,	easy	and	quick	verification	,	eliminating	the	need	to	visit	business	or	service	locations	.
verifies	whether	the	user	matches	the	one	on	the	id	card	and	transforms	service	users	’	id	card	snapshots	into	digital	information	instantly	,	eliminating	the	need	for	manual	data	entry	.
verifies	whether	the	user	and	the	person	in	the	photo	are	the	same	person	.
compares	the	information	on	the	user	’	s	id	card	to	the	department	of	provincial	administration	’	s	database	to	see	if	the	details	are	valid	.
connects	the	digital	id	platform	for	cross-platform	identity	verification	,	thereby	assisting	enterprises	without	direct	connection	to	the	ndid	and	reducing	connection	and	administration	costs	.
scb	techx	offers	3	types	of	ekyc	.
scb	techx	offers	an	sdk	package	that	provides	customers	access	to	a	range	of	ekyc	service	apis	,	such	as	liveness	+	ocr	.
additionally	,	it	provides	supplementary	dopa	services	and	an	sdk	package	for	ndid	.
by	integrating	sdk	into	their	solutions	,	customers	can	tailor	it	to	suit	their	customer	journeys	and	cater	to	their	own	clientele	.
this	includes	customization	options	such	as	themes	,	backgrounds	,	logos	,	button	colors	,	and	more	.
customers	will	be	relieved	from	the	burden	of	designing	their	own	screens	,	resulting	in	significant	savings	in	effort	and	resources	.
this	option	is	ideal	for	customers	who	already	possess	customer	data	and	simply	need	to	cross-reference	it	with	dopa	.
by	utilizing	this	service	there	is	no	requirement	to	modify	the	screen	flow	or	alter	any	aspect	of	the	customer	’	s	journey	.
customers	can	simply	transmit	the	information	through	the	backend	system	,	ensuring	the	accuracy	of	the	dataset	.
this	approach	is	suitable	for	customers	who	do	not	require	an	sdk	and	have	already	developed	their	own	front-end	system	.
these	customers	can	leverage	ndid	service	by	connecting	through	scb	techx	’	s	proxy	.
the	major	advantage	is	that	customers	do	not	need	to	invest	in	hardware	for	setting	up	nodes	,	establishing	direct	connections	with	the	ndid	platform	,	or	manually	upgrading	nodes	or	data	,	significantly	reducing	costs	.
innovestx	is	one	of	our	clients	who	use	ekyc	to	accelerate	the	development	process	and	cut	through	the	complexity	of	kyc	.
if	you	want	to	contact	scb	techx	,	please	feel	free	to	send	us	your	message	via	this	form	.
we	will	get	back	to	you	shortly
>	>	one	challenge	in	innovestx	’	s	expansion	to	investors	who	are	not	current	siam	commercial	bank	clients	was	establishing	an	identity	verification	system	in	compliance	with	anti-money	laundering	office	(	amlo	)	standards	.
scb	techx	’	s	innovative	ekyc	technology	makes	it	simple	and	fast	to	create	a	system	to	confirm	the	identities	of	new	clients	.
regulatory	restrictions	now	necessitate	that	a	great	number	of	firms	demand	that	their	clients	provide	identification	.
in	accordance	with	the	anti-money	laundering	office	’	s	recommendations	,	an	ial	2.3	level	of	identification	verification	is	required	to	open	a	digital	asset	account	using	the	one-stop	investment	app	innovestx	.
however	,	there	are	obstacles	that	developers	must	investigate	to	discover	the	best	solution	for	creating	a	digital	identity	verification	system	.
the	ekyc	technology	developed	by	scb	techx	has	been	used	by	innovestx	to	facilitate	the	rapid	and	trouble-free	implementation	of	an	identity	authentication	system	for	its	investment	application	.
the	ekyc	solution	from	scb	techx	is	a	digital	identity	verification	solution	designed	to	be	used	right	away	,	with	all	of	the	necessary	features	already	included	.
innovestx	uses	ndid	proxy	,	which	connects	to	the	ndid	(	national	digital	id	)	platform	and	enables	users	to	verify	their	identification	in	a	cross-platform	manner	with	the	liveness	&	face	recognition	feature	,	which	checks	if	a	user	’	s	selfie	matches	a	photo	from	a	reliable	source	.
scb	techx	not	only	provides	ready-to-use	innovations	,	but	also	a	team	of	professionals	to	help	with	any	issues	that	may	emerge	during	the	implementation	of	various	innovative	ekyc	features	.
the	short	timeline	presented	a	difficulty	for	innovestx	during	the	construction	of	the	ndid	proxy	feature	because	ndid	needed	the	feature	installed	by	a	certain	time	.
scb	techx	and	innovestx	collaborated	on	an	implementation	plan	that	streamlined	the	process	by	eliminating	unnecessary	steps	and	double-checking	work	along	the	way	.
this	paved	the	way	for	scb	techx	to	implement	ndid	proxy	capability	in	a	timely	and	uniform	manner	.
another	issue	encountered	was	that	some	customers	could	not	use	the	face	verification	feature	since	their	selfies	were	being	transformed	into	high-resolution	3d	vector	images	when	they	used	the	liveness	&	face	recognition	tool	.
in	certain	cases	,	even	when	using	photos	from	trustworthy	sources	,	the	algorithm	was	unable	to	correctly	identify	faces	since	the	images	were	of	inadequate	2d	quality	.
scb	techx	’	s	experienced	team	was	able	to	resolve	this	issue	by	adapting	the	feature	’	s	algorithm	to	the	specific	scenario	at	hand	.
this	facilitated	faster	and	more	precise	face	matching	.
innovestx	was	able	to	roll	out	its	application	platform	on	schedule	thanks	in	part	to	the	use	of	the	ekyc	innovation	rather	than	a	custom-built	identity	verification	solution	.
meanwhile	,	the	key	feature	of	scb	techx	’	s	ekyc	system	is	its	ability	to	facilitate	simple	identity	verification	for	users	of	the	innovestx	application	regardless	of	location	or	time	.
scb	techx	’	s	ready-to-use	innovations	,	such	as	ekyc	,	provide	an	alternative	for	businesses	seeking	to	establish	a	system	or	platform	in	order	to	quickly	offer	new	products	and	services	.
it	is	important	that	you	read	these	terms	of	use	carefully	as	the	following	is	a	legally	binding	contract	between	you	and	scb	techx	company	limited	(	the	“	company	”	)	and	governs	your	use	of	this	website	and	the	information	provided	herein	.
by	using	this	website	,	you	acknowledge	that	you	have	read	and	understood	these	terms	of	use	,	and	that	you	agree	to	be	bound	by	and	comply	with	these	terms	of	use	.
do	not	use	this	website	if	you	do	not	agree	to	be	bound	by	these	terms	of	use	.
the	company	’	s	website	may	contain	various	web	pages	operated	by	the	company	,	with	its	office	located	at	21	st	floor	scb	park	plaza	,	west	b	tower	,	19	ratchadapisek	road	,	chatuchak	sub-district	,	chatuchak	district	,	bangkok	10900	(	collectively	,	the	“	company	’	s	website	”	)	.
the	company	’	s	website	is	offered	to	you	conditioned	on	your	acceptance	of	these	terms	of	use	without	modification	.
your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	constitutes	your	legal	binding	agreement	to	all	terms	contained	herein	.
if	you	do	not	agree	to	be	bound	by	these	terms	of	use	,	do	not	use	the	company	’	s	website	.
the	company	reserves	the	right	to	modify	or	alter	these	terms	of	use	contained	herein	.
you	are	responsible	for	regularly	reviewing	these	terms	of	use	and	additional	terms	posted	on	the	company	’	s	website	.
your	continued	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	constitutes	your	agreement	to	such	modified	or	altered	terms	of	use	.
for	the	use	of	the	company	’	s	services	,	the	company	will	collect	,	use	and	disclose	your	personal	data	and/or	any	other	person	’	s	personal	data	provided	by	you	to	the	company	for	the	purpose	of	providing	services	and	other	purposes	as	prescribed	in	the	company	’	s	privacy	notice	.
to	understand	how	the	company	collects	,	uses	and	discloses	personal	data	and	the	data	owner	’	s	rights	in	accordance	with	the	personal	data	protection	law	,	you	may	further	read	such	privacy	notice	as	announced	by	the	company	on	the	company	’	s	website	namely	https	:	//scbtechx.io	and/or	any	other	channels	prescribed	by	the	company	or	to	be	further	changed	and	notified	to	you	by	announcing	on	such	website	and/or	any	other	channels	prescribed	by	the	company	.
in	addition	,	in	the	event	that	you	has	given	personal	data	of	any	other	person	,	you	shall	notify	such	person	of	the	details	relating	to	the	collection	,	use	and	disclosure	of	personal	data	and	rights	under	such	privacy	notice	.
links	to	other	websites	which	are	not	under	the	control	of	the	company	may	be	arranged	by	the	company	for	your	information	and	convenience	only	.
any	links	executed	by	you	to	those	websites	shall	be	at	your	own	risks	.
in	no	event	shall	the	company	be	liable	for	any	damages	incurred	by	you	in	connection	with	the	information	,	goods	or	services	posted	or	offered	on	any	third	party	’	s	websites	linked	to	the	company	’	s	website	.
the	company	does	not	make	any	representation	,	warranty	or	recommendation	in	respect	of	any	information	,	goods	or	services	appearing	in	such	third	party	’	s	websites	,	nor	shall	the	company	be	liable	for	any	defects	or	breaches	of	contracts	in	respect	of	any	goods	or	services	appearing	or	advertising	in	those	websites	.
the	company	does	not	have	any	commitments	or	agreements	with	such	other	websites	in	connection	with	your	agreements	with	such	other	websites	.
any	link	to	other	websites	for	downloading	any	software	are	provided	by	the	company	for	your	convenience	only	.
in	no	event	shall	the	company	be	responsible	or	liable	for	any	error	or	malfunction	caused	by	or	resulted	from	the	downloaded	software	.
be	aware	that	any	use	of	the	downloaded	software	shall	be	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	relevant	license	agreement	.
should	you	be	unable	to	comply	with	such	license	agreement	,	you	may	be	deemed	as	an	infringer	of	copyright	or	other	intellectual	property	rights	of	such	software	provider	.
in	such	event	,	the	company	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	damages	incurred	by	you	in	all	respects	.
please	also	note	that	whenever	you	link	to	any	of	such	other	websites	,	you	will	be	subject	to	the	terms	,	conditions	and	policies	of	using	the	websites	being	visited	by	you	.
you	hereby	agree	to	indemnify	the	company	against	any	claims	,	losses	,	costs	and	damages	(	including	legal	fees	and	court	costs	)	suffered	or	incurred	by	the	company	as	a	result	of	your	improper	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	or	any	use	in	violation	of	these	terms	of	use	.
any	data	and	information	contained	or	displayed	in	the	company	’	s	website	are	the	properties	of	the	company	and	the	third	parties	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
all	trademarks	,	service	marks	,	trade	names	and	logos	mentioned	in	or	posted	on	the	company	’	s	website	(	collectively	the	“	trademarks	”	)	shall	include	any	trademarks	,	service	marks	and	logos	of	the	company	and	any	third	parties	regardless	of	whether	such	trademarks	,	service	marks	and	logos	have	been	registered	or	not	.
no	part	or	parts	hereof	shall	be	deemed	as	a	license	or	a	granting	of	the	right	to	use	such	trademarks	.
the	company	hereby	reserves	all	rights	it	may	have	in	connection	with	this	website	.
the	company	does	not	allow	or	grant	any	right	to	use	trademarks	without	obtaining	a	prior	written	consent	from	the	company	or	the	third	party	(	as	the	case	may	be	)	.
the	company	’	s	website	is	protected	under	copyright	and	intellectual	property	laws	and	shall	not	be	modified	,	reproduced	,	copied	,	downloaded	,	transmitted	(	in	any	form	and	by	any	means	)	or	used	in	whatever	manner	for	commercial	purposes	without	obtaining	a	prior	written	consent	from	the	company	.
the	company	reserves	the	right	,	at	its	sole	discretion	,	to	terminate	this	agreement	or	your	access	to	the	company	’	s	website	and	the	related	services	at	any	time	without	prior	notice	,	if	you	fail	to	comply	with	these	terms	of	use	or	for	any	reason	deemed	necessary	by	the	company	.
you	shall	not	use	the	company	’	s	website	for	any	purpose	that	is	unlawful	or	prohibited	by	laws	and	these	terms	of	use	and	in	any	manner	that	could	damage	,	disable	,	or	impair	the	company	’	s	website	or	the	networks	connected	to	the	company	’	s	website	.
you	shall	not	interfere	with	any	other	party	’	s	use	and	enjoyment	of	the	company	’	s	website	and	not	attempt	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	the	company	’	s	website	,	other	accounts	,	computer	systems	or	networks	connected	to	the	company	’	s	website	,	through	hacking	,	password	mining	or	any	other	means	.
the	information	,	products	and	services	included	in	or	available	through	the	company	’	s	website	may	include	inaccuracies	or	typographical	errors	.
the	company	reserves	its	right	to	modify	or	make	changes	to	the	company	’	s	website	and	the	information	contained	therein	without	prior	notice	.
any	information	received	via	the	company	’	s	website	should	not	be	relied	upon	for	personal	,	legal	or	financial	decisions	and	you	should	consult	an	appropriate	professional	for	specific	advice	tailored	to	your	situation	.
the	company	makes	no	representation	or	warranty	of	any	kind	,	either	explicitly	or	implicitly	,	as	to	the	suitability	,	reliability	,	availability	,	timeliness	,	lack	of	viruses	or	other	harmful	components	,	and	accuracies	of	the	information	,	software	,	products	and	related	graphics	contained	within	the	company	’	s	website	for	any	purposes	.
the	company	accepts	no	liability	and	will	not	be	liable	for	any	loss	or	damage	arising	directly	or	indirectly	(	including	special	,	incidental	or	consequential	loss	or	damage	)	from	your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	.
in	particular	,	no	warranty	is	given	that	economic	reporting	information	material	or	data	is	accurate	,	complete	and/or	up	to	date	.
you	agree	that	the	company	shall	not	be	responsible	or	liable	for	unauthorized	access	to	your	data	or	transactions	on	the	company	’	s	website	.
these	terms	of	use	are	governed	by	the	laws	of	the	kingdom	of	thailand	,	without	regard	to	its	principles	concerning	conflicts	of	laws	.
any	disputes	shall	be	subject	to	the	non-exclusive	jurisdiction	of	the	courts	of	thailand	.
you	agree	that	no	joint	venture	,	partnership	,	employment	or	agency	relationship	exists	between	you	and	the	company	as	a	result	of	this	agreement	or	your	use	of	the	company	’	s	website	.
>	innovative	products	ready-to-deploy	solutions	that	instantly	elevate	your	business	everyone	at	scb	techx	knows	that	speed	is	essential	for	the	success	of	organizations	,	that	’	s	why	we	have	created	ready-to-use	technologies	so	that	our	customers	will	not	have	to	spend	a	great	deal	of	time	building	their	products	and	services	from	the	beginning	.
scb	techx	offers	a	wide	variety	of	available	innovations	,	including	digital	identity	verification	systems	(	ekyc	)	,	intelligent	chatbots	,	and	financial	platforms	.
these	solutions	can	be	instantly	and	simply	integrated	into	clients	’	existing	infrastructures	and	adapted	to	fit	a	variety	of	business	procedures	.
our	customers	can	roll	out	enhanced	and	new	services	whenever	they	see	fit	.
featured	product	technology	consulting	consultation	services	and	integrated	solution	development	scb	techx	collaborates	with	clients	and	stakeholders	to	develop	optimal	solutions	.
in	order	to	provide	comprehensive	answers	to	our	clients	'	concerns	,	we	employ	a	design	thinking	approach	which	enables	us	to	see	problems	from	all	angles	and	build	solutions	that	directly	address	client	issues	.
at	scb	techx	,	we	have	a	great	team	of	engineers	and	ux	designers	who	can	transform	concepts	into	digital	products	tailored	to	technical	specifications	and	user	experience	requirements	.
therefore	,	we	are	able	to	provide	customers	a	comprehensive	selection	of	solutions	in	one	place	.
infrastructure	&	platforms	technology	infrastructure	services	and	development	of	digital	platforms	scb	techx	began	as	an	it	team	assigned	with	the	task	to	develop	the	foundations	of	siam	commercial	bank	's	it	infrastructure	.
for	this	reason	,	we	have	become	an	industry-leading	team	when	it	comes	to	constructing	and	managing	enterprise-level	platforms	and	infrastructure	.
in	addition	to	our	experience	in	traditional	infrastructure	,	scb	techx	has	worked	with	world-class	cloud	service	providers	.
for	this	reason	,	we	provide	cloud	computing	infrastructure	that	will	boost	the	agility	of	enterprises	undergoing	digital	transformation	.
data	&	security	data	management	and	cybersecurity	services	to	drive	businesses	with	technology	,	precise	data	analysis	is	essential	.
likewise	,	cybersecurity	is	a	topic	that	can	not	be	ignored	.
scb	techx	is	ready	to	offer	data	management	and	analysis	services	to	our	clients	so	that	they	develop	insights	that	will	give	them	a	competitive	edge	in	their	industries	.
to	further	ensure	the	safety	of	our	clients	'	it	infrastructures	,	we	also	provide	security	services	to	counteract	any	potential	cyberattacks	.
featured	products	|	contact	us	|	message	us	use	and	management	of	cookies
